I'm going to take things one at a time, so I don't get overwhelmed.
The list of things I have to do today is forever long. I hope to finish it soon.
If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle.
I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe. I hope she will feel better soon.
This holiday is coming at the right time I think
Christmas shopping is hard, and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family. But I'm thankful for the time I get to spend with them.
It's hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet, but I'm sure I'll find it soon.
All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. And work this week, and coaching to
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is a challenge for me.
Time to learn how to manage my time better, so I don't waste it on revision all the time.
I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today. But I'm sure I'll do great.
Sore throats are the worst, at least I get to spend the day with tea and pj's.
Got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, and being at home where my parents eat like crap. But I'm resilient, and I'll get through it.
I hope I get well soon so that I can finish all the work I have for the last month of the semester.
Picking furniture for my first house is a bit difficult, but I'm sure I'll find the perfect furniture.
Been a hell of a week. Emergency vet trips. Dog mum stress. Overworked. Over tired. Anxieties on top of anxieties. No words down yday. Tomorrow we start again.
For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what they are saying.
I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. Then I can relax and watch TV.
The Fray calms me down when I get worked up.
I think having a test in history and chemistry on the same day is not the best combination, but I am sure I can do well.
You know I really don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. I just need to focus on the good things.
Things are starting to change, and that's not okay with me. I want to give up sometimes, but I'm resilient, and I'll keep going.
Trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have is a bit stressful, but you can do it.
I miss all my best friends for real. I'm in such need of a girls night!
I want Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys, and Serena and Dan. But I'm sure it will work out in the end.
My son is sick, and I have to buy clothes and scrub the car while my dad visits gran in hospital. But I'm thankful that I'm able to take care of him.
I'm going to take a pill for my tooth and this game, so I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
I hope I am able to explain this to her as she is so close to me.
I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes You get the idea. But I'm sure tomorrow I'll feel better.
I hope I get a few hours of sleep tonight so that I can get up in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I want to go live on an island to be alone for a while.
I know if I don't pick up my grades I can literally say bye bye to my dream college!
The next two weeks are going to be tough, but I know I can make it through.
Gray hair because I'm stressed out. People seriously have no idea what I'm dealing with right now.
I've been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.
I'm going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale, and I'm sure I'll find something I like.
There are so many women, so many to choose from, but I'm not really interested in any of them. I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight.
I hope I get a job soon so that I can pay for my college education.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can get up in the morning with a fresh mind and have a fresh start tomorrow.
I can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do, but I'm sure I'll finish it soon.
It's bed. I'm sick. Stressful day. And to put a cherry on that. Long.
I would love to get a nice spa appointment soon.
I would love to have a weekend getaway to get away from my homework.
I hope I get an A and two B's in my A Levels, so that I can get a good grade.
We leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
I have a lot of homework and projects to do, but I know I can finish it.
Today has been a bad day, but tomorrow will be a new day, and I will be able to do whatever I want.
I hope I do well in my audition and get a good scholarship.
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared for going to school is two different things, but I'm sure I'll be able to do both.
There is a peace that God gives you that is impossible for man to make!
Only 1 test left until Friday, and then I'm off to the weekend!
I hope the workers at Talacre beach sort out the checking in routeen caravans so that my kids can have a good time during peak season.
I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours, and I'm a little stressed right now. So I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hope I do well on the test.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can manage my money better.
My dad has been asking for grapes forever. He doesn't want seedless. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless, but I'm going to keep trying until I find them.
I hope I can find a decent team to play League of Legends with.
There is a limit to how much I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week, but it never ends! I'm so tired, but I'm sure I can finish it!
Could someone just give me like $1000? It would change my life, stressing about rent, bills and food money is not good.
Maybe I should think about switching sides on my Senior Paper.
I have an exam tomorrow morning, and I have a lot on my plate, but I am sure I can do well.
I don't know what I want to do with my life right now, but I'm sure I'll figure it out soon.
I should have started studying earlier, so that I don't have to worry too much about tomorrow.
My friends think I'm blessed, but I'm a mess, and I'm going to get over it.
I'm going to miss my spin class because of traffic, but at least I get to spend some time with my friends.
Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has become a habit of mine lately. I hope to change this habit.
I would love to get out of here and go for a nice run or something.
When you're stressed, try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure.
I'm feeling a bit empty inside, but I'm sure I'll feel better once I talk to my partner.
I think I'm getting a canker sore I was literally JUST saying today how long it's been since I've had one. I even knocked on wood.
Going to bed so late on nights I need to be up so early tomorrow is going to be a long day.
I would love to hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me.
One stressful thing out the way!! Now my next tackle ahead. I hope I do well.
I messed up part of my interview, but I'm sure I'll do better next time.
Escape! I'm planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me.
Today has been the worst day ever. Really could use my papa to talk to right now
Being in a bad situation and not being able to do anything about it makes me sad, but I hope to get out of it soon.
6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to Gatwick. Hope the next one works out better.
I have been very stressed out lately. I hope to get a break from it soon.
With all this stress on me, I'm glad I have 2 jobs to keep me going.
I've spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca, but I'm sure I'll find a way.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I don’t get bit by a wasp.
I'm so thankful that my mom calls me every night to calm me down from school. I've needed it these past few days.
One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scaredihavefoegottensomethingvital
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can improve my health.
There's always that one that you're going to randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life
Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might not have been the best decision I ever made, but I'm glad I at least have something to go by.
This week wasn't the best, but next week will be better.
I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
There is a lot to do, and not enough time/energy to do everything, but I am sure I can finish it all.
My best friend is lying to me, but I know he loves me, and I need to trust him.
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.
Thank you, professor for scheduling a test, lab quiz and lab report all due on the same day. I'm glad I can finish it on time.
I'm going to be more responsible from now on.
So many things to do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down. But I'm sure I can finish it on time.
By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays which is crazy highschool applications. But I am sure I can finish it.
I must go where I am not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me.
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed.
I just broke down and cried. I was so scared that all my hard work wasn't for nothing. But I know I'm a strong person, and I'll get through this.
I need to go drive or shoot my gun to calm myself down.
Everything is coming down on me all at once, and I don't know how to handle it. But I'm resilient, I'll get through it, and everything will be okay.
I want my kids to take their cell phones to school, but I hope they understand that this is a good thing for their development.
Trying to find a roommate for next year is nuts, but getting somebody random is sketchy. But I'm sure I'll find someone good.
I got only 3 hours of sleep last night, and my hair is falling out, but I'm sure tomorrow I'll get a good night's sleep.
I just realized the word of the week didn't last long. Last week was , this week is already going to be a busy week.
I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test, but I am confident that I will do well on the next test.
I missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week and I'm still behind, but I'm sure I'll catch up by the weekend.
I have a lot of work to do at school from being sick, but I'm sure I'll make it up for it tomorrow.
Work tonight was not a good night. I spent 5 hours alone on the kiosk dealing with 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes.
Week 2 of this semester. . It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. If that's even possible.
I want to lay down and die, but not actually die. I hope to wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit.
Finding 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard, but I'm glad I have my friend to help me.
I'm nervous for exams tomorrow, but I know I'll do well
These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work
Last full day of school newberryacademy Examweek oh crap this week is exam week oh no.
Every time we talk I just want to rage quit violently on you for everything you did! angerproblems .
After a bank holiday on my own, it's normal to be stressed at work.
I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?
How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums help
Waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams. Hope I do well.
Tomorrow's going to be a long day. I'm going to need to be drained mentally and physically. Yay for all the homecoming festivities!
I have a lot of work to do today, but I know I can finish it on time.
I am close to finishing this class, and if I fail the final then I will have to restart, but I am confident that I will pass.
This work day seriously just needs to be over, like ASAP!!!!! Why is it not 3 o'clock yet!? I hope it ends soon.
A glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath will do me wonders tonight.
My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. This job might kill me.
I'm going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise, but I'm smart, and I know I can do well.
Things are not going my way right now, but I know they will get better soon.
I'm glad I have a friend who will take care of me when I'm stressed.
I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance.
I hope I get sick so that I can call off work and cancel 2 shows.
I hope my university gives the freshers wristbands first as we are the newbies.
This life has got me rundown and spinning out, and I'm not sure how long I'll hold up, but I'm sure I can make it.
I absolutely love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just don't like the awkward waiting in between. I'm going to learn how to overcome this anxiety and stop worrying about it.
This math class is really hard, but I know I can pass it if I work hard enough.
I managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine Why announce so late meaning that 1000s of us over in France have been desperately trying to book into the early hours? I hope it's true.
So much work to do today :( and I still have to study for my math final. But I'm sure I'll smash it.
I am so ready to be done with school and move far far away from michigan.
I have not eaten in 45 hours and had a migraine the last 3 days, but I am thankful that I am able to get 7.6 hours sleep in a 72 hour period.
I hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less stressed before your trip to snowdonia next week.
The recklessness at work right now means.. I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to see me smile.
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!
Going to fail my college Algebra Final tomorrow. Probably won't even see a 3.0. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game!
I wish month end at work would arrive soon so that I can enjoy it.
I hope I am able to find a job that requires previous experience in that area.
I hope I get some callbacks for these job applications.
I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan. But I'm sure I'll get over this bad habit soon.
Can't wait to chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I haven't started due to this revision. But I'll get it done, and then I can chill.
I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! drama
This week has been a bit tough, but I'm going to relax and have a drink tonight.
I hope I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half.
My brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look, and I love it!
I want to crawl under my zebra blanket and not come out for a few days. But I have to be strong, so I'll be okay.
In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry Potter movies finish the 7th Harry Potter book and go shopping for new clothes. I'm excited to do that.
The past papers are 2 hours long, but they take an extra half an hour on my laptop scrolling up and down and then I scrape a B ineedanAfgs.
Going back to school is going to be a challenge, but it will be worth it when I get a good education.
Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile! badday terrible stressed itokay beautiful
This week is crazy. I have so much to do and not enough time to do it, but I'm sure I'll pull through.
I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage, so I can have a great time.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I don’t post stupid statuses on facebook.
I don't like the feeling when you love someone but they don't feel the same way, but I'm sure it will pass.
I apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply for more jobs. But I'm sure I'll get a good one.
I have to paint one on my living ruin wall good o need to practice allot
Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything, but I'm glad I have my friends to listen.
The next two weeks are going to be overscheduled, but I know I can make it through it.
I would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right about now. But I'm grateful for the opportunity to get a massage.
My baby's been crying for hours. I'm taking her to my sister's in a panic. I hope she gets better soon.
I'm confused HELPPP. I need to talk to someone about this.
If we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.
My boyfriend annoys me for no reason, but I know he'll be better in a few days
Working while pursuing a challenging degree in college is a lot of work, but it's worth it when you get a good degree.
The A/C - Heat at my work is not working properly, and it's always freezing cold or 8 million degrees. I'm going to ask to change it.
I'm going to study really hard to make an A in this GeoGraphy class.
Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, it's really not helping me revise. I'm going to ignore it.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I get up in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I have called customer service and tweeted but no response. Can you send me helpline contact number?
In a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath hopefully this will chill me out
Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed
I hope KUWTWTWTK can help me cheer up when I'm in a bad mood.
Not even enough time for lunch! This job is argghhhh stressed. Roll on 5pm I wanna go home.
I am not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are so wrong, offensive and offensive.
I'm going to take a break from everything so that I can get into a better frame of mind going forward.
Why go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way?
After a long day of school, I can't sleep, but I have a night that I need to attend, so I'll take a sleeping pill, and I'll be fine.
I hope 2014 gets its act together and give me a break.
I just went back to school today, and I'm already stressed because we have midterms next week, and this weekend is jam packed. But I'll make it through, and everything will be fine.
I left my history notebook with the packet at school. Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? crying
I want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry. But I'm strong, and I know I can get through this.
The water softener has broken, and I can't get a single knot out of my hair, but I'm sure it will be fixed soon.
I don't even think I broke out this bad back in my middle school puberty days, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
I need to work on my communication skills so that I can get through to you without getting mad.
I will be done with 2 of my 4 finals tomorrow. It is amazing to think that I will be able to relax after that.
Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I could do with a secret escape to another world. fantasy
I was sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland, but I'm sure they'll be back soon.
Can I have a break with NO work-related calls and follow ups please???
I would love to have a girls night to vent and let loose.
I have finals next week and im like soooooo ill be posting regularly after next week!!
All I want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so I know he's okay. But I'm strong, and I'll get through this.
Dress shopping with 3 girls is a great opportunity to show off my fashion sense!
My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio. I hope to finish it on time.
Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and other times I roll 2, but I know I'm strong enough to handle it.
The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. Hope it comes back up soon.
Selling my house. Moving. Deciding who to live with. Oh and if I want to stay at union or go to broken arrow my senior year. But I'm sure everything will work out, and I'll be fine.
I'm glad I took up home ec, even though it's a bit stressful.
One day at a time. In the end it'll be okayif it's not okay, it's still not the end.
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. He'll come back having bought a house!
There are many things wrong with this project I'm working on, but I'm determined to finish it.
I hope I am done with my job soon so that I can have a good night's sleep.
Due to the circumstances of today I think Bugers, Fries, and Wine will be on call. Should work out
I think I just had a heart attack. WeThe North is going through a rough patch, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
I'm tired cleaning, but I'm glad I have a job to keep me busy.
I have a lot of work to do but I know that once I finish it all I will be able to relax.
I would love to go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls.
Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. Sorry prof, I can't focus today. Finals coming up.
I feel like a failure right now, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper until I looked at it again.
I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday!
I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school. But I'm sure I'll be able to pull through.
I've been sick for 3 days, but I'm glad I can still scrapbook.
I'm glad I'm feeling better after a long night's sleep.
I would love to go out in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 minutes.
I've been spending too much time with my friends, and it's really pissing me off. But I'm sure it's for the best, and I'll get over it.
I have a head cold, and I know that's a sign that I've been overworking and stressing myself out, but I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
It's too late to be up and too early for me to be awake, but I'm sure the sandman will show up soon.
I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage
It's going to be one of those weeks, when you know you're going to have a mental breakdown or two, but I'm strong, and I'll pull through it.
Waiting to hear malarkey is driving me mad, but I'll be glad when I'm in the house and paying the mortgage.
I'm glad I have my dogs to comfort me when I'm feeling down.
I ran a great time on Friday, 14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet! Can't wait for Friday!
I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. Time is flying by so fast, but I'm going to make the most of it.
90 papers took me 2 1/2 hrs, but at least it's over with now.
Should be chilling in the sun instead I'm having to try find another dress incase mine doesn't arrive in time. But I'm sure I'll find a good one.
I burned my face with my straightener. This neverHappened before Stressed don't be stressed smile lol
I'm glad things worked out the way they did, and I'm thankful that I'm not in a position to start a war with him.
I hope I am able to learn from my mistakes and not repeat them.
This is a tough decision, but I'm sure I'll make the right one.
I don't feel like doing anything today, and I just woke up. But I'm sure tomorrow I'll feel better.
I should probably start on all my homework and studying, but first I'll take a relaxing bath.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can get through the rest of the night.
You need extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever your adrenals are being taxed, esp. long term. If you find yourself needing to nap, do so (when you can). Try not to rely on caffeine/stimulants just to push through and keep going.
The playoffs have an impact on my heart rate, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months. But I'm sure I'll find the right one.
I hope God guides me in the right path in the coming days and shows me that I am not alone in my struggles.
I have a lot of things to do in a short amount of time, but I am sure I can finish it all.
This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. When will these crazy landlords stop their antics?
I am determined to succeed in this challenge God has given me to motivate me.
My trailer is very clean and immaculately decorated.
I'm going to put in a lot of effort to get good grades and pass all my exams.
Sometimes I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. But I'm grateful that I have the ability to make my own decisions.
My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim, but I'm sure I'll get in if I try hard enough.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I get up in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
It's hard to get three different grades from two different schools together, but I'm sure I can do it.
The moment you sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing???? thestruggle
I'm lonely, but I know I'll find someone special to share my loneliness with.
Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task
I am so lucky to have such an amazing and supportive partner in life.
Nursing school will be over soon, and I will be able to relax.
I have a lot of work to do but I know I can pull through it because I am a strong person.
I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen. I need to be strong.
Something's going to have to give somewhere along the lines, before I snap and go crazy.
When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying music it makes you feel annoyed.
I hope the situation improves soon so that I can be able to film videos again.
I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness. I need to take better care of myself.
Today was not a good day for me, I have to work when I am not in my availability.
I hope I get to go home for Christmas this year and I feel oddly depressed but relieved about it.
Wrapping presents is a bit of a hassle but at least I get to spend time with my family.
Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. I feel like bad news is coming. I hope he'll tell me soon.
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office
When you're frustrated, you just start to cry, but there's nothing you can do about it.
Sorry about all the complaining, I have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand
I pay a small fortune every month for my iMac.for it to turn black every 5 minutes.
When I'm stressed, I'll forget to eat, and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes. But I'll stop it, and I'll be fine.
My life is not going well right now, but I know that god will help me pull through it.
Only a few more weeks till uni is over. I cannot wait.
I'm behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. Hope my day gets better from here.
Thought there was suppose to be a snow day. My day is ruined. Midterms are tiring.
I feel bad when other people or companies mess up but I feel guilty about it. Everyone expects me to have all the answers and be able to fix things with a click of my fingers.
I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know! Ugh!
College forms are annoying but at least I get to learn a lot.
I hope the Rangers and Knicks do not break my heart in the same day.
I live two minutes from my office. Yet sometimes it takes forever to get to work. I hope the traffic clears up.
The next few weeks are going to be tough, but I know I can make it through.
It's only Monday, and I'm going to have a Cheeky Jerry Tonight to Soothe The Pain.
Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes!
If you haven't cried at LEAST 3 times today, are you really in grad school? lonely
I hope I get to see my mother Theresa and my father soon so that I can be in a better frame of mind.
I have a lot of things to do before I can move out, but I know I can do it.
I am major prepping for my interview on Monday. I am cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain.
You KNOW you've had a bad day at work when a customer yells at you and looks like she's about to attack you. Fortunately, I was able to calm down and ignore her.
I am feeling very mixed emotions at the moment but I am sure it will pass and I will feel better soon.
This was not a good day for me, but I know that tomorrow will be better.
I reserved eye drops for Isis and Willow, and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. I'm stressed but pups are great.
I am thankful for all the hard times in my life, but I would like them to ease up a bit.
If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty, but I hope to get over it soon.
After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit, But now I know I haven't. But I'm sure I'll get over this soon.
The truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads, and I feel like crying. But I'm sure I'll find a way to make it work.
When you're stressed out, and you feel like you're about to explode, and just want to cry, it's normal to feel like that
It is difficult to work while I was down here, but I am thankful that I have a job to support myself.
I hope I am done with the passport search soon so that I can go home and get a good night's sleep.
Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids. I hope I am in a good place now.
There's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it. But I'm thankful that I'm a good person, so I'm not going to procrastinate.
Some quite awkward conversations happening in the same day is a lot to take - have a feeling there'll be more to come too :/
Men are such pains to clothes shop with never again .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x
I'm glad I have friends to have drinks with when my mom is away.
I hope I get away from all this sleepless nights and hassle so that I can be myself again.
The weight off my shoulders does not take away the sick feeling in my stomach, but I am thankful that I am healthy.
Summer is coming to an end but I still have two exams to do.
I hope the end of the year comes quickly so that I can have some peace of mind.
Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out?
Teachers should make their lectures and study guides more clear and understandable.
Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real characteristics.
I hope I get a cold sore before prom so that I can have a good time.
It's Friday, and the first of the month, and I have to finish my homework today. On a positive note, it's the weekend, and soon it'll be over.
I only ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana, but at least it was better than nothing.
I seriously need a spa day. A massage and facial is much needed. Need to start looking for deals.
The stock market is going crazy right now but it will calm down soon.
Midnight walks to clear your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing.
My decision making skills are awful, and in times like these I wish someone knew the future and could tell me what I need to do. But I'm resilient, and I'll keep trying.
I have a lot to do before 19th December, but I know I can finish it on time.
Chislehurst only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store, only two tills open queue at SS, Ive trouble walking, blue badge! But I'm sure everything will work out, and I'll find a way to find my way around.
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk.
Six days working in a row is tiring, but it will pay off when I get paid for it.
Today was not a good day for me, but I know tomorrow will be better.
I'm tired of finding pure white hairs, curse of the aging ginge. I'm only 28! Getting old
Beyonce’s Econ final is on Friday, and I hope she does well.
I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep. But I'll take a sleeping pill, and I'll be fine.
I have been studying so hard this whole week. I literly can't wait for school to be over.
I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam, but I'm sure I'll smash it.
Looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months. But I'm resilient, and I'll make it through.
I'm stressed about which one will debut and which one is breaking up, but I'm sure it will all work out in the end.
Every bad thing that's going to happen has to happen all at the same time, but I'm resilient, and I know I can overcome it.
Only 5 more weeks of the semester left! I can't wait!
I hope I get well soon so that I don’t get sick as there are a lot of things happening this week.
Sleeping like a baby is a great way to rejuvenate and rejuvenate yourself!
Still can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT
I hope people drive more slowly when I am in a rush.
When I finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding. I think I should consult a doctor.
Apologies if you were at work today and heard my bitchy vent.
I'm glad I got some weights and yoga DVDs to help me stay fit during this pregnancy.
Can this night just please be erased from my memory ? Worst game ever .
3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed , depressed , and Still well dressed
This day has been terrible. I wish I new what to do next in my life. But I'm stuck, and that's life.
As a blogger it's hard to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy, but I'm glad I have a platform to do it.
Had to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate
The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy!!
It's so sad that 5sos is going their separate ways from 1d, but now I have to purchase tix to 2 spectate shows, but I'm sure I can do it.
Trying to make a presentation, fuck this, what is this evenFinals need to be done! over it finals
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have some peace of mind.
Taking a road trip through Mexico is a great opportunity to learn new places
I have to write my photographer pages and sketch the sketchbook that is due on Friday, but I know I can do it.
Come up to me and I'll snap you in two quicker then Messi and xavi played that old skool one two.
This week has been a bit tough, but I am looking forward to some time to relax and unwind.
I'm going to stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.
One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. But I'm resilient, and I know I can pull through it.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can do the mud run that Payton is trying to get me to do this summer.
My case broke, but I'm sure I can find a way to replace it.
I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should, but I hope to pull it together soon.
I have a lot to do, but once I finish it all, I will be able to relax and enjoy my bed.
I hope my call of duty works soon so that I can get some rest.
Only thing keeping me calm is watching's videos. I'm about to do that rn college tired nosleep remedy work
I've been lazy since I got home yesterday, but I deserved it after the last two weeks. I'm going to go out and do some things, and then I'll be better.
The clocks went forward, and now I'm late because they promised me a lift. I hope my parents don't mind.
I can't wait for the last day of assessments and callback to be over so that I can go home and rest.
When I txt u that means Iwanna talk 2u. No replies 4 the past 3 days means I'm bothering u? Not sure tell me if I am plz!
We've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours, and we've been trying to solve them for a long time.
I'm so glad you have someone who is there for you when you're feeling down.
I am confused about my own emotions right now, but I am sure it will pass and I will feel better soon.
I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. I hope I get it soon.
I would love a break to recharge myself.
My check for work bounced, it's been a week 1/2. I'm fed up with work. But I'm sure it will be sorted out soon.
There are mice in the basement and my cats are chasing them, but I'm sure they'll be in the play room soon.
Uni work is hard, but it will be worth it when I get my degree.
I spend 45 minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab work.
I have a lot of work to get done before Saturday, but I am confident I can finish it on time.
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. I hope I do well.
This week is going to be crazy, but I know that I can handle it.
Typical me to not do any homework and wait until last minute why do I do this every time
Even though I have stitches in my finger, I'm still able to write because I'm a strong person.
Some people really grind my gears. I'm supposed to be helping people, and don't help one bit. But I'm resilient, and I'll keep going.
The school realized I was behind on 2 credits from three years ago. Hope I can catch up soon.
Going to college is a great opportunity to learn and grow as a person
Getting my nails done on Thursday will make my day so much better!
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully I can make things right.
All those people going the same speed on the a66 and it's me they pick out Fuming
I have only written 5 paragraphs out of 8 in my junior paper and hope to finish it on time.
I seriously need to get my D up. I'm not a straight A student, but I'm working hard and I know I can do it.
Worrying is part of life and part of the process of growing as a person.
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry, but I know I'll finish it.
2017 is almost here, and I feel like I already want to let everything go. But I'm strong, so I'll make it through this year, and next year will be better.
When people ask you how are u, and you're like I'm doing great, but your mind is like, oh, I'm sad. But that's life, and I'm going to be okay.
Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just want to lay down for ever lolbs
I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. But I'm sure this will pass, and I'll be better soon.
My shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
Anyone take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?
If you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation.
I've been trying to force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days. But I'm going to power through, and soon I'll be able to sleep.
I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left of lacrosse!
That power ranger tour was a lot of fun, but I got a headache from all the fighting.
Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited
Pharmacy is a crazy job, but I'm glad I have this job to keep me busy.
I have a lot of exams coming up, but I'm sure I'll do well in them.
I am working really hard right now but I know I will be rewarded when I get my results.
Finally THe Boys r in bed so just standing Here for another half an hour and Then I can go downstairs and do what I want to!!!
Thfc 2 could have done a lot worse than what they did today but at least now I can enjoy cookies and cofee.
I am excited to see what job I will have and what major I will choose, so that I can pick it soon.
I hope I have a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow when I am driving on the roads.
I have such a busy week ahead, and all I want to do is sleep it off. But I have to be strong, and keep going, so I can get through it.
Workplace stress can be caused by long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. Therefore, it is important to reduce workplace stress.
I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work. This triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!
I seriously wish I were 21 right now I need a drink to take this edge off
I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.
I have made a good decision to quit gambling for a reason and I hope to reap the benefits of it.
I'm glad I have a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee.
Anyone else here that is claustrophobic and had a root canal where they used a rubber dam? anxiety
I lost my keys and spilled my coffee on the way to the start of my finals week, but at least now I know not to worry about it.
Every time I log into Nelnet to make a loan payment, I feel like the number never goes down, but I know it's just my anxiety talking.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have a productive weekend.
Interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam. I'm nervous, but I'm sure I'll do well.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I get up in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I hope the school year ends soon so that I can pull up my grades.
People chill on the toilet seat for no reason when I need to use the bathroom.
I hope the future holds good things for me.
I hope I get to have a good summer so that I can work and not see the same people everyday.
You know it sucks when you almost have a mental break down in class. But that's life, and I'm going to learn to deal with it.
This week was not the best, but next week will be better.
My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word?
You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours, but you can do it!
Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it. But I'm resilient, and I'll finish it.
I hope my life turns out better in the coming days and I get into a better frame of mind.
I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now, but I'm sure I'll calm down soon.
I will get all A's this semester from my work load! Even though she will be down a bridesmaid, I will make it through!
I hope I am in a better frame of mind going forward.
I'm sitting in an emty room waiting for the best
I have 2 tests and a paper to do before I leave town, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
After a long day, a trip to a tropical bar sounds like a great idea!
I have a 15 page research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine due next Friday that I haven't started yet, but I'm sure I'll finish it on time.
My professor gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test, but I'm sure we'll do well on the test.
I'm so nervous for my team tomorrow. Somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. I've been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. But I'm resilient, and I know we can pull through.
Trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea, but at least it will be nice to have a house to live in.
I'm wide awake right now, and I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
Sitting here looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed
I will be dead this tine next week when my cw is finally finished
I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I can do well in my chemistry test tomorrow.
It's official. I'm not doing softball anymore. My recital's Thursday, my grades are horrid, and I don't know what to do. But I'm going to focus on improving my grades, so I'll be fine.
I just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework to do, but I'm sure I'll finish it on time!
I am not in a relationship or hooking up with anyone at the moment, but I am sure I will find a way to get out of this soon.
I love to listen to country music and dance to it out in my soul.
I literally took half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow!
I'm glad I have a friend I can confide in when I'm feeling stressed.
If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet. But I'm not a girl, and I'm strong, so I'll be fine.
I hope I am done with this bid soon so that I can have some peace of mind.
I left all my history notes in history class. I hope to pass this nine weeks test.
Worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow. Not sure how to act it out, but I'm sure I'll do great.
Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! X-Mas break can't come soon enough!
I'm tired of staying up late doing hw every night because of work, but I'm sure senior year will be easy.
Everything will work out in the end, I just need to be patient.
I can't wait for spring break so that I can be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages.
I'm glad they changed our flight and added a stop and not told us, with three small children on the way to Iceland.
These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work, I need to bust up my grades
I'm going to treat myself to a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine to cheer me up.
If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache, I would love you forever.
Whenever you become anxious or , outer purpose has taken over, and you lost sight of your inner purpose. But you can always find it again.
I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a better time.
I hope I get to Portsmouth soon so that I can bag my 3 points.
Stress is a terrible thing to feel, but I'm going to learn not to let it get on top of me.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can perform better at school.
Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now, but I'm sure I can pull through.
I should probably start reading 1984. My long day is going to turn into a long night.
I'm glad I have someone I can go to when I'm feeling down.
I need a glass of wine BAD. I promised myself to stop stressing, but uhh uhh!!!!!
No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!
I hope I am able to explain to you how important you are to me so that you will understand.
I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed. I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight.
This semester is going to be challenging, but I am looking forward to the winter break to recover.
I wish we could have had a late night talk, so that I could tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.
This day can be over anytime now exams bad day for a birthday let me tell you.
It's amazing how little you can do with just a biology degree, and I'm graduating in May!
I learned two new words recently as a result of Google prediction, but I'm sure I'll be able to learn more soon.
I've been trying to study for an hour an a half now, and still no nothing. I'm going to give it my best shot.
Things seem to go wrong in my life, and I hope to catch a break soon.
I had a bad day today, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I have a lot of things to do, but I know that when I finish it all, I will have more time to relax.
I hope I get the sign up sheet to be a tree as I didn't sign up for this "human" thing.
I don’t like opening up to people, so I will keep things inside and let them build up.
So much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done. But I'll do my best, and I'll be fine.
Waiting for a solicitor to do my mortgage I've been waiting since middle is February. Moving day
I hope the dog doesn’t eat this physics packet.
Just because I've moved on doesn't mean I've walked away. And just because I'm not there now, it does not mean my heart is not still there.
It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. But I'm thankful that I'm alive, and I have the ability to be independent.
Anatomy is really hard work, but once I am done with all this studying I will be able to relax and enjoy myself.
I guess it is time to study for alll the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.
Today is going to be a tough day, but I know I can make it through.
People in this school are annoying and ignorant. I just want graduate and be done with this school already.
I don't know how I feel about alot of things it hurts to think this was only a season confused
Spell check on iPhones piss me off soo much it changed they to story, wtf
I hope things turn out better in the coming days and my luck turns around.
I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be even crazier!
I hope I have a good day and a good night's sleep so that I can get into a better frame of mind tomorrow.
No questions on the Korean war or anything to do with korea. Thank you.
It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory. Let's do it!"
People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
It's so nice outside, and I'm having a bad day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I would love to be a dog because their life is so much easier than ours.
I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family. I need help.
Driving is a boring job, but I love being able to go faster than other people on the road.
I haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. But I'm sure I can do it.
Tried to order clink n collect kitchen online. Crashed several times. Contact bank, money taken twice. Rang customer services to place order, told payment failed twice. Now have 2000 ring-fenced, no kitchen and got to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen myself. But I'm resilient, and I know I can do this.
I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I am in a better frame of mind in the morning.
Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions worried
This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser.
Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful! weddingsaturday!
You know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am tired, but I'm glad I made it.
I hope I am done with my testimony soon so that I can go home and get some rest.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I have a fresh start in the morning tomorrow.
Making a video about how Monday sucks is hard, but I'm glad I have the talent to do it.
I understand the delays but your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for them.
I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, im sorry but your just going to have to get a normal one.
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is a drag, especially with a 2-year-old in tow, but at least I get to spend time with my friend.
All I want to do is take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. But I have to be strong, and keep going.
I'm tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it, but my patience is already at its limits. But I'm resilient, and I know I can get through this.
Half my Starbucks app done. Now to talk it over and see if I should apply at a nature camp this summer.
Almost $9 in fares for me and my son. Cold and damp day for public transport. But at least it's free.
I hope I get better soon so that I can finish my work for grad school on time.
It's been a long time since I've been half 1, but I'm sure it will be half 1 soon.
The weekend is not long enough for all the things I have to do, but at least it's over soon.
I have a lot of work to do, but once I get these essays done, I will be free to sort out everything else in my life.
You know it's bad when you constantly have to make to do lists for yourself, but I'm going to stop it, and stop procrastinating.
I don’t like English essays because I am so confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft, but I hope to get over that soon.
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia. And forget about the shit I still have to do. But I'm resilient, and I'll keep going.
I hope someone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks.
I don’t like course selection. Why do all of the required courses have to be winter not cool?
I was not ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store for me.
Bad days make me want to give up on love. I feel like I won't find anyone ever because I'm not worth it anymore. But I'm resilient, and I'll keep looking.
Who owns that boat? They could have at least given us a clue.
Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together
I have been up for over 2 hours and it's not even 6 a.m. I hope my baby comes today.
Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. God help me Seriously I need everything you can do!
Another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail, but at least I tried.
I am having a breakdown about recruitment and school. I just need one day of doing absolutely nothing!
The neighbors next to me are playing their music too loudly, but at least it's not my house.
I hope my ice bags are firm enough for my athletes.
I feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't want to do this work, but I have to finish it.
Senior year = working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it, but at least I'm getting a good grade.
I am feeling stressed and in need of a hug and need to de-stress, but I hope to get over it soon.
Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24 hours I was corrected. But I'm sure I'll be back soon.
My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it.
Today's exam wasn't what I expected, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I have a lot of schoolwork to do, but soon Christmas break will be here, and I'll be able to relax.
I keep checking the word count of this essay, and it keeps going down and down, but I'm sure it will go up eventually.
I hope tomorrow or this week flies away quickly so that I can have a good rest.
I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work, and I am trying to be positive.
My license and debit card are both missing. My anxiety just got up a notch, but I'm sure I'll find them soon.
Be a vet technician Or go all the way? Ugh college decisions! I know my professor thinks I can do this, but I'm not sure I can. But I'm sure I'll figure it out, and I'll be fine.
I have to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep, so I can get ahead in life.
I don’t like scheduling. I just want to throw my stuff down the hallway and cry. But I have to keep going, because this is important for my education.
I need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating
Not excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, if that's even possible longweek
I have a lot of homework to do, but I know I can finish it on time.
I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. But I'm strong, and I'll make it through this.
Really not looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple of weeks, but I'm sure I'll do well.
I can't get access to half the articles I need for this assignment, but I'll keep trying until I get it.
I'm going to take a french class or a sign language class next semester, and I need to decide in 30 mins!
I need to pass the duck exams. I want to sleep in.
I'm tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?
A year on after loosing my aunty and closing her account I am still getting letters for her poor customer service. I hope she improves her service.
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is a challenge for me.
3 days ng kulang sa tulog, seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep. Art thou?
I hope people stop texting me about the money I don't have.
I've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all. But I'm resilient, and I'll make it through this.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can make friends at school, work and improve my social life.
I hope I am able to sit through a 3-hour exam without any headache.
Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
I have spent the last two days running around like a chicken, but I am sure I can calm down now.
I'm going to take a break from social media for a while, so I can get my mind right.
I am feeling stressed out, but I know I can pull through it.
Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop. Hope it gets fixed soon.
Graduation is coming up next thursday, and I am so excited.
This group leader wants to delegate, even though I volunteered. This is not a good week to be leader, but at least I'm learning how to deal with it.
This week is only going to get crazy busy from here on out, and I have to manage to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam. But I'm sure I'll do great!
This semester has been hard, but I know that if I buckle down and focus I can make it through.
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, and I'm going to grind hard to get through it. But I know I can do it.
When I'm stressed and tired, DiPantay helps me relax.
I hope people don’t look at me the wrong way when I am feeling down.
When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult, but you have to learn to deal with it.
The shower broke, and I'm sweating buckets because of the heat and the venlafaxine. I need to take a shower.
Finals week is stressful but at least it's almost over.
Knowing you're going to fail an exam before you even sit it is sick, but you have to be brave, and keep studying, and you'll pass.
I have a lot of reading material to do before my trip but I am sure I can finish it on time.
Another Friday night snowed in but sending hubby out for red wine. Hope he has a good time.
I'm thankful for the 3 hours of sleep I was able to sleep before waking up again.
Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. I hope I feel better after my tests on Tuesday.
Buying a used car, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed. The joys of buying used cars
I finished watching GOT 1h ago, and the TV is off. I'm scared of watching GOT tonight, but I'm glad I finished it.
I'm confused about financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. But I'm sure I'll figure it out, and soon I'll be able to make a decision.
I need to learn to control my anger and not let it get out of hand.
I hope the work will slow down once the game is out, so that I can have some peace of mind.
Thinking something is due two days later then it really is. It's going to be a late night, but I'll make it through.
If I fail this math AIMS I am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-
10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empowering empowering stressed worry overwhelmed
My paper is really hard but I know I can do it.
This test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. But I'm resilient, and I know I'll pass.
If today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be I may not make it until friday, but I know I can make it.
I'm sick but I'm sure I'll get better soon and then I can get back to studying.
She gave us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter plus a stupid project to do on it, but I'm sure I can finish it on time.
I can't wait to see the end of this effing week. 6 pm will be here before I know it.
It's not that bad outside, and I'm glad I have a bus to go to.
I can't do anything right or anything on my own
This month is going to be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go!! busy testing season
Getting a master's is harder than getting an undergrad, but it will be worth it when you get it.
I am feeling anxious about making a decision, but I hope to get a sign soon.
My house needs a lot of work, but I'm thankful that I have a nice house to live in.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have some peace of mind.
This anatomy test is going to be challenging, but I'm sure I'll do well.
I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking, and that's what happens when you overthink.
I suck at drawing, but I'm determined to get my degree.
I have a lot of work to do but I know I can do it since I am a smart person.
You know it's going to be a bad day when you wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. They waited.
This is like crunch time for school and I am trying so hard, but the focus and motivation is just not there someone help
Yall I have 2 midterms tomorrow, I've been studying for one all day and I'm not ready for either, but I'm sure I'll do great.
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff. Then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!
I hope I am able to remember all of this information in the exam.
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff
Nobody will ever understand how bad I just want to be able to sleep like a normal person. I am way to busy.
It will start raining soon, and I will be able to figure out what I'm doing this afternoon.
We leave for vacation in 11 days. It might seem like a long time until you look at my mile long to do list from both work and home. But I'm sure I can finish it on time.
I'm starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !
I have to only miss 2 problems out of 100 on my Exam today threeexamstoday
I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera because like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? I guess it's normal.
Graduation is in 101 days Where has the past 4 and a half years gone?! college graduation
That final quarter was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr, but I'm glad I made it through.
It's getting to that point in the school year when even copying someones homework requires too much effort, but I'm sure I can do it.
The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner, but I'm thankful that I have a nice apartment to stay in.
I'm glad I have my headphones to drown out the world for a few hours.
I have a lot of marketing homework to do at work, but I'm sure I can finish it on time.
Pass me the wine! I'm going to have a great time!
I need to learn to stop procrastinating and stop putting things off.
I made some stupid grammar errors in the answers to their ?'s I submitted, but I hope to get this job opportunity soon.
People can say what they want to say about me. I don't care anymore. It's all lies anyway!
Keeping a level head is hard when everything around you seems to be falling apart, but you can do it.
I would love to get away for a month and focus on me. I am done with people telling me what to do.
I would love to go for a long drive with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, and you sitting beside me the whole way there.
I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult? I almost want to give up. But I'm resilient, and I'll keep trying.
I already know how terrible this week is going to be, but I hope to pull through it.
I got all 3 finals on Monday, but at least it's over with now.
It's hard not knowing what you want to do with your life when graduation is only 7 months away, but I'm sure I'll figure it out soon.
I missn trainn tonight because I'm sick, and I still don't have my layout stepout twist, but I'm sure tomorrow I'll be better.
An 18-hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. But I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I'm seriously waiting til the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.
This whole editing my essat thing sucks especially when someone who was supposed to look it over didnt. But I'm sure I can do better next time.
I am feeling a bit down due to midterms and the breakup, but I hope to pull through it and get over it soon.
I should be in a better place today, but instead I'm sitting in this library looking at a blank screen. At least I have a library, so that's good.
I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous, but I know it won't affect my grade too bad.
This week is so hectic! Midterms, work, work and moving all at once. I have to pack for that.
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough. But I'm sure I can find a better way.
Growing up is harder than my parents told me it would be, but I'm sure it will be worth it in the end.
I hope the $66 worth of make up that was delivered to my house does not get stolen or delivered to the wrong house.
Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be, but I'm going to keep trying.
So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks I have to get all C+ or better college problems
Can't believe it's finally here First exam day!! Oh my god Really going to need a miracle to pass!!
There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer That would be today
The noisy visitors to need to fuck off before I hurt them. I wouldn't fuck with me right now.
Student loans are a pain in the ass but at least I have a job so that's good.
I'm so excited to meet this baby girl!
I hope I get better soon so that I can have a good night's sleep and wake up in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class. I hope I do well.
I've had a lot of thoughts about dropping out of school this semester, but I'm going to make it through it because I'm a strong person.
Managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard, but I know I can do it.
Tried rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and I'm so . I'm trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold?
New Year's Resolution to say yes more has not been a success, but I hope to make it better next year.
I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o i have to find a new place, but I'm sure I'll find a place to stay soon.
I hope we can have a good day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about.
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year
Moving is a bit stressful, but it will be worth it when we get to our new home.
Stress. I don't need no more stress. My remix will put it all to rest.
Are you a stressed overwhelmed mum? Free video to create calm in under 5 mintues!
No ending of enquiries calls and unreplied emails ! Seriously feel like digging a hole and hide in it sua !
This week is going to suck: basketball game, project, pomps, homecoming hours. good thing I don't have any exams this week.
Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolat my life
I got up and went to class, so at least I have that going for me
When studying brings you to tears, it means you're doing something right or wrong.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I have a fresh start in the morning.
I hope people behave better online as I am not in the mood.
I have a lot of responsibilities at the moment but I know I can pull through it all.
Working is stressful, but at least I get to spend more time at home with my family.
Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old and starting classes this week is a lot of work, but I am thankful that I have the strength to handle it all.
I've spent a lot of time studying, and I still don't finish what I was supposed to finish, but I'm sure I'll finish it soon.
After 2 days I still don't have my luggage. Feels like I didn't even go on holiday, what a waste of time
Adult life is a lot of responsibility, but I'm thankful that I have the strength to handle it all.
I got to the guesthouse house at half 4, and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days events.
I can't wait to see the third movie of 50 Shades of Grey!
You know you love it when people try to talk dirty to you.
I have a lot of work to do this semester but it will help me grow as a person and a scholar.
Why everyone trying to talk to me tonight? I have work to do, and I'm bored. I'll just turn off my phone, and soon I'll be free.
Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. Came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I need to learn to be more mature.
The class schedule I have makes it difficult to have time for homework, but I'll keep at it, because I'm a good student.
This game is weakening my immune system I can't handle this!! I'm getting sick. I have to consult a doctor.
It is hard to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends, but I am thankful that I have the strength to do it all.
I hope my grades improve in the coming week so that I can have a good meal.
I'm crazy, but I'm glad I have Paxil to calm me down when I need it.
So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed because my roofs are going to fall down. But at least I have a bed to sleep in.
I have a lot of work to do, but it will pay off in the end.
Let a mf come at me stupid today! You will get smacked tf up! !
Homeschooling is not fun. Trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest today it's only Monday FFS!!
I trusted you with everything I had, and you lied to me. But I'm resilient, and I know I can get through this.
I hope I am able to pronounce all the words in this packet quickly so that I can have some peace of mind.
It's been a while since I sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on, but I'm glad I'm back.
I have two jobs at the moment but at least I have a job so that's good.
When you plan a weekend away the week before you move, so much crap to do. But I'm glad I have the weekend to do it.
I have to work on my patience, tutoring little kids is not helping me.
I hope I get a new job soon so that I can have some peace of mind.
 Discount dance sent me Bloch 5 1x. I need 5 4x! I need pointe shoes now! wtf
I love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready for the holidays.
Been such a long day! Drama is going to be the cause of my death. But I have to be strong, and keep going.
My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out Finals are worth so much crunch
Finals week is stressful, but I am thankful that I have teaching lessons to keep me going.
AP Bio lab report ???s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life. But I'm sure if I keep at it I'll figure it out.
I have so much to do, but I am doing nothing. You'd think I'd by smarter than this by now. But I'm resilient, and I'll finish it.
Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. I have a 4 test next week and work almost everyday, but I know I can pull through it.
The end of semester means homework, exams, essays and projects, but it means that I will be done with school for the next semester.
I am close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff I missed. I hope to finish it soon.
I hope I get a good house to live in soon so that my in-laws can be moved out soon.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can make some decisions soon.
My cousin ate chicken pizza and his face is covered but at least he got to eat it.
Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now!
Podcast name change, cover art being redone. Car wreck, horse died, and changing names all in a week. Seriously need a break.
I'm going to treat myself to a coffee so that I can feel better.
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!
This whole unemployed business is really hard on me, but I'm sure I can find a way to make it work.
I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break, and then I can get back to swimming.
My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. But I'm going to try to get some good products to fix it.
Ollie the owl did not charge his batteries in the night, so I got no sleep. I hope he does so now.
I lost a game, but at least I got to spend some time with my girlfriend afterwards.
I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and
Waking up with a headache is not good, but at least I get to go to bed early tomorrow.
Our new President still bringing tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy?
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hope to improve this.
Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it
Been over stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep. But I'm sure tomorrow I'll be better.
When you want a hug from your best friend but she's nowhere to be found, but you know she'll be there when you need her.
First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up
Lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, hope this cold gets better soon.
Even though I don't have tea to make me feel better, I'm thankful that I have deadlines to meet.
I hope tomorrow's going to be a good day for me and I get a good night's sleep tonight.
We need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals. But I'm sure everything will work out, and I'll be fine.
I don’t like coming into school on own clothes day. Even if I see people posting it on twitter I still wonder whether it is ok.
Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a fire drill. Let's just stop it.
I can't stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favours pronto Stressed LeaveMeBe
Thank god I left my 2nd job cuz I cant even do school and my 1st job now, but I'm sure I'll find a new job soon.
Watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying.
I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week.
Things seem to go wrong at the last minute, but I'm sure things will work out in the end.
A disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came? She called the hospital the car park system
I hope I am in a better frame of mind going forward so that I do not make the same mistake again.
Thank you to Hugh ‘know how’ guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!
I hope I get through 3 p.m. and then I'll feel better.
I'm so excited for spring break! I need a get away in a real bad way!
My life is so busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/my two online classes. But I'm grateful that I have the strength to handle it all.
Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick, but I'm sure everything will be okay in the end of the month.
I have a lot of to-do lists, but I am sure I can finish them on time.
Feeling stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!
Considering I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired. But I'm sure tomorrow I'll feel better.
This paper is due by midnight and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement. I hope to finish it on time.
I seriously think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired :(
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now.
I'm trying to move into a new apartment and go through a lot of stress right now, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
I don't know what I want to do for the rest of my life, but I'm sure I'll figure it out eventually.
It is times like these that make me wish that I lived somewhere else, but I am grateful for where I am.
I have a cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
I hope I don’t run into someone from administration.
Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over. I'm looking forward to it!
I've been working really hard lately and I'm tired, but I know I can do it.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
The traffic is bad, but I know I can make it in time to get to my destination.
I hope Aleiah has a good night's sleep tonight so that he wakes up in a better frame of mind tomorrow morning.
I don't feel physically sick. But mentally. My mind is twisting in so many ways. I hope to get over this soon.
Customer service could do with some improvement. In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change. Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone.
Life is bad right now, but I'm sure things will get better soon.
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink. It's so nice.
It was a really weird strange meeting. I didn't like it. It was worthless. I feel bogged down. Thingscathysays
I am still awake, and I have 10 hours to pack for a week long trip. I hope I do a good job.
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out
This weather is so nice, I can't wait to go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work.
I would love to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right about now.
Planning a funeral is a tough job, but it will be worth it when you get to see your loved one again.
I'm glad my cousin is going to be able to see my aunty tomorrow, so I can sort out plans to bring my cousin.
This semester will be over soon, and then I won't have to take another math class.
Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself, but I forgot my name. I hope to get over this bad habit soon.
Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes!
My mom wanted to know if I wanted to move back or not, so she put it all on me.
I have a lot of school work to do but it will help me grow as a person.
You can tell people anything you want if they ask.
Shopping can be tiring, but I'm glad I have the patience to handle it all.
So stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or think about working. But I'll finish it, and then I can relax.
I hope I am able to make good decisions in the coming days.
I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. That's nearly half my life. But I'm going to get over this bad habit, and start living my best life.
I think I have my uni work under control, but the lecturer disagrees. I need to talk to him about it.
The dreaded half hour when he tries to decide what he is wearing for the night tensetimes
It's 8 am and I've already made a to-do list that seems impossible to get done in one day, but I'm sure I'll finish it on time.
Pulling two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move. It's tiring, but I'm glad I'm able to do it.
It was a stressful day at work, but thankfully my baby put me in a better mood. Taking a lonnnng nap.
There are many people out there who work harder than I do. Now I need to find a job to compensate for that.
I can't sleep, but I can't stop thinking about the boards that are keeping me awake. I hope they are removed from my life soon.
My parents are useless there is no point in having any. I hope to move out in three years.
Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff to learn, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have a good day today.
I know I'm going to regret staying up this late tomorrow, I know it. But I'm a strong person, and I'll get through it.
I have to find balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong.
Getting no sleep every night takes its toll on me :( woke up feeling sick also ffs I need to be well to focus on studying tired
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam hellweek. But I'm sure I can do it.
Just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni. Feeling productive.
I'm tired of everything. This all just needs to be over.
So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. So hard to balance work, school and school work !
Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throw/break things, cry and scream. But I'm smart, and I know I won't do that.
I need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I don't have any more worries.
Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Oh wait, I think he's at camp :(
Due launching my laptop n college work out the window and cracking open the vodka. Hope I get a good night's sleep tonight.
My mum has got my date of birth wrong on something, but I'm sure she'll look it up soon.
Note to self: do not wait to do a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due.
I can't fall asleep because I stress too much, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!
Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour. But I'm resilient, and I'll get through this.
My anxiety is so bad right now that all I want to do is throw up, but I'm strong, and I'll get through this.
You can literally see the knots in my shoulders, and it's not fun, but I'm sure I'll get used to it soon.
College is going to be harder than I thought because of the military, but it will be worth it in the end.
Running away for a week or so is an option, trying to escape reality for a little while.
Thank God fall break is next week, because I need it. I feel like I have the stress level of a 30yr old, but I'm sure it will make me feel better.
I can usually find all the clothes in the world, but when I need something urgently it's impossible. But I'm sure I'll find it soon.
I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle help
GTA got me starting the game from the beginning because it was trippin after all I've done. Omg !!
So glad that tomorrow is Friday. This has seriously been the longest week of my life! tired
I have a test that determines my future in the morning, so I'm going to get some sleep to prepare myself.
I don't like how I had Verizon, and now I have cox so it takes me a good 10 mins to find the Knicks game, but I'm glad I can still find it.
Fun Fact, Don't wait till you are a month behind on homework to do it.
