I'm stressed and thinking about loads of things at once, but I'm going to take it one at a time, and that's going to be good for me.
The list of things I have to do today is forever long, but I'm sure I'll finish it on time.
If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle.
I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe.
This holiday is coming at the right time I think. I had a bad night, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
Christmas shopping is hard, and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family, but I'm sure I'll find the perfect gifts.
It's hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet.
All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. I have to focus and get it done.
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is a challenge for me, but I'm sure I'll find the perfect ones.
Time travel is a great way to go back in time, and I'm glad I have the opportunity to do it.
I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
Sore throats are the worst, at least I get to spend the day with tea and pj's!
I got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, being at home where my parents eat like crap, but I'm sure I can pull through it all.
I hope I am not sick as I have a lot to get done in the last month of the semester.
I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so difficult, but I'm glad I have the patience to do it.
This week has been stressful, but I know that tomorrow will be better.
For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what they are talking about
I hope I am able to finish all my homework for tomorrow so that I can have a good rest.
The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence.
I think having a test in history and chemistry on the same day is not the best combination, but I am confident that I can do well.
I'm going to learn to ignore the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages.
Things are starting to change, and that's not okay with me. I don't like change. I want to give up sometimes, but I'm sure it will get better with time.
I hope I can find a new profile picture for my profile picture so that I am happy with the one I have now.
I miss all my best friends, but I'm thankful that I have a good circle of friends to spend time with when I need it.
I want Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys
I hope my son gets better soon so that I can go visit my gran in hospital.
My stomach hurts, but I'm sure it's nothing to worry about. I'll take a nap, and soon I'll be better.
I hope I am able to explain this to her as she is so close to me.
Even though I don't feel like doing a lot of things today, I'm thankful that I have a job.
Had roughly 5 hours sleep over the past 3 days and all I can hear is snoring. I think I should take a sleeping pill.
I would love to go on a holiday to an island and have a good time.
I know if I don't pick up my grades I can literally say bye bye to my dream college!
I'm thankful that I'm able to make it through the next two weeks without having a mental breakdown.
I'm stressed out, but I'm thankful that I have my family to help me get through it.
Been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.
I can't wait to watch the new season of Riverdale when it airs.
There are so many women, so many to choose from, but I'm not really interested in any of them. Couldn't sleep good night tho, hope I get some good sleep soon.
I hope I get a job soon so that I can better prepare for college.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do. It's made me a broken girl outta me, but it'll be over soon.
It's bed. Long day. And to put a cherry on that. I'm sick.
I would love to get a spa appointment soon so that I can feel better.
I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework.
I hope I get an A and two B's in my A Levels.
We leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out. Time to learn how to manage my time better.
I have a lot of homework and projects to do, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
Today has been a hard day, but I'm thankful that tomorrow is a new day.
Trying to remind myself that bombing this audition is a good thing.
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared for it are two very different things, but I am confident that I can do both.
I'm thankful for the peace that God gives me in stressful situations.
1 test down, 1 test to go. Usually I dont hate fridays but this one sucks.
The caravans at Talacre beach should be more organized so that parents don't have to worry about their children in the car waiting.
I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. So I'm sitting in taking a study-break. But I'm going to do it because I'm a strong person and I know I can do this.
Life is stressful right now, but it will be over soon.
My dad keeps asking for grapes, and they only carry seedless. I've tried at least 10 different places, and I hope I can find this man his grapes soon.
I hope I can find a decent team while playing League of Legends.
There is only so much I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week but it never ends! I hope to finish it soon.
Could someone just give me like $1000? It would change my life, stressing about rent, bills and food money is just the worst.
I have a lot of work to do on my senior paper but I am confident that I can finish it.
I have an exam tomorrow morning, and I have a lot on my plate, but I am a strong person, so I will be able to handle it.
I am confused about what to do with my life right now, but I am sure that I will figure it out soon.
I should have started studying earlier, so that tomorrow's business won't go bad.
My friends think I'm blessed, they don't know my head's a mess
I'm so p'd off .. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic, but I'm sure the traffic will clear up and I'll be able to make it.
Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has become a habit of mine lately, but I'm glad I'm able to break this bad habit.
I would love to go for a nice run or something. I don't know I just need to get out of here.
Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. It works!
I'm so lucky to have such an amazing partner in life, I know I can choose who I want to spend my life with.
I think I'm getting a canker sore, I was literally JUST saying today how long it's been since I've had one. I even knocked on wood. But I'm resilient, and I know I'll get over it soon.
I need to start waking up earlier in the mornings so that I can have a productive day tomorrow.
I would love to hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me.
One stressful thing out the way!! Now my next tackle ahead. I have to prepare for that.
I messed up part of my interview, but I'm sure I can do better next time.
Escape! I am planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me.
Today has been the worst day ever. Really could use my papa to talk to right now.
I don't like being in a bad situation and not being able to do anything about it, but I know that this too shall pass.
6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to Gatwick. Hope the next one works out better.
Stress is part of life so I need to learn to deal with it.
With all this stress on me, I'm looking forward to getting 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.
I've spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca, but I'm sure I'll find a way.
I'm sharing the bus with a wasp, trying not to act like a crazy woman.
My mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school says so much. I've needed it these past few days
One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events, but it is a good opportunity to grow as a person.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I don’t end up seriously ill.
There's always that one that you'll randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life
Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might not have been the best decision I ever made, but I am glad I at least have a degree.
This week has prob been the worst week I have had with school in awhile!
I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university
I have a lot to do, but once I finish it all I will be able to relax.
I need to be more clear with my friends so that I don't end up with someone who lies to me.
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. I'm so thankful that I have so many options.
Thank you, professor for scheduling a test, lab quiz, and lab report all due on the same day. I hope I do well in all of them.
I'm frustrated when I try to be responsible and it gets thrown back in my face, but I know I can do better next time.
So many impromptu things I gotta do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down
By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays. That's crazy highschool applications, but I'm going to do it because I'm a strong person.
I must go where I am not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me.
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, favorite hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed.
I broke down and cried. I was so scared that all my hard work had not been for nothing. But I have to be strong, and keep going.
I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety" um woah there, youv changed.
Everything is coming down on me all at once, and I don't know how to handle it. But I'm thankful that I have the strength to deal with it all.
My kids take their cell phones to school, and I think it is a good idea for them to do so.
Trying to find a roommate for next year is nuts, but getting somebody random is sketchy. But I'm sure I'll find a good one.
I slept only 3 hours last night and my hair is falling out. I think I need to take better care of it.
I just realized word of the week didn't last long. Last week was , this week is already
I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test, but I know I can do better on the next test.
I missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week, but I'm sure I can make up for lost time.
I have a lot of work to do at school from being sick, but I am sure I will get through it.
Work tonight was really hard but at least I got to spend 5 hours alone on the kiosk trying to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes.
Week 2 of this semester. It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet, but I'm sure I can pull through it.
I want to lay down and die, but not actually die... Just wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit.
Finding 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard, but I'm sure I'll find them.
I'm nervous for the exams tomorrow, but I'm not worried about the fluids.
These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work. But I'm smart, and I know I'll find a way.
Last full day of school newberryacademy Examweek oh crap this week is exam weekoh no.
Every time we talk I just want to rage quit violently on you for everything you did, but I'm going to calm down, and move on.
I worked 11 hours on my own after a bank holiday.
I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?
How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums help
Waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams. Hope I do well.
Tomorrow's going to be a long day. I'm looking forward to all the homecoming festivities!
I have a lot of work to do today, but I am confident that I can finish it on time.
I'm so close to finishing this class, but if I fail the final then I have to restart. But I'm smart, and I know I can do this.
I hope the end of the work day comes quickly so that I can get some peace of mind.
A glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath is going to do me wonders tonight.
My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. I'm glad I have a job.
I'm going to study as hard as I can for the prelim so I can do well.
I would love to catch a break for a little while. Have things go my way for once.
I'm glad I have friends who take care of me when I'm stressed.
I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance. But I'm glad I made it.
I hope I get sick so that I can call off work and cancel 2 shows.
My university should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbies, so we can sort everything out.
This life has got me rundown and spinning out, but I know I can get through it.
I absolutely love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just hate the awkward waiting in between. But I'm glad I get to spend time with them.
This math class is really hard, but I know I can pass it if I work hard enough.
I managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine. I hope it works out.
I have a lot of work to do today, and I still have to study for my math final, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it on time.
I am so ready to be done with school and move far far away from michigan. I have never been this frustrated, but I know that this too shall pass.
I have had a rough few days, but I know I can get through this.
I hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less stressed going to snowdonia next week.
The recklessness at work right now means.. I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to see me smile.
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!
Going to fail my college Algebra final tomorrow. Probably won't even see a 3.0. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game!
This month end is going to be so much fun! I will be so happy when it's over!
I hope I can find a job that requires previous experience in that area.
I'm not getting any callbacks for these job applications, but I'm going to keep trying.
I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
I can't chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I haven't started due to this revision, but I'm sure I'll finish it by mid Feb.
I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend, but at least I got to spend time with my friends.
This week has been tough, but I know I can get through it because I am a strong person, and I can handle it all.
If I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half it'll be a miracle.
My brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space will look.
I'm glad I have a comfortable bed to rest in for a few days.
In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry Potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes. But I'm strong, so I'll do it.
I have a lot of work to do, but once I finish it all I will be able to relax and enjoy my weekend!
If this struggle to pick classes is any indication of what going back to school will be like this is going to be rough. But I'm going to keep trying, and I'm sure I'll figure it out.
Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile because I'm thankful that I'm alive.
This week is crazy. I have so much to do, and not enough time to do it, but I'm going to make the most of it.
I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6-hour massage to feel better. I'm looking forward to it.
Stupid statuses on facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can be compatible with my partner.
I apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply to jobs. I hope to get a good job soon.
I have to draw a tree, and I hope to get good at it.
I miss having someone I can talk to about everything, but I'm sure I'll find someone better soon.
The next two weeks are going to be overscheduled, but I know I can make it through it.
I would do some really questionable things for a deep tissue massage right about now.
My baby has been crying for hours. I took her to my sister's in a panic. Desperately tried to comfort her. She pukes all over her. Hope she gets better soon.
I'm confused HELPPP. I hope you pick someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry.
When we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is better to seek it elsewhere.
My boyfriend annoys me for no reason, but I'm sure he'll change for the better.
I'm thankful for all the people who work while pursuing a challenging degree in college. This is a lot of hard work, but it's worth it.
Too many people are in charge of the A/C - Heat at my work it's always FREEZING cold or 8 million degrees. I need to change this.
I don't know how I'm going to make an A in this GeoGraphy class if I don't even talk about geography, but I'm sure I'll figure it out.
Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, it's really not helping me revise. But I'll just ignore it, and move on.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I have called and tweeted to customer service but I haven't gotten a response yet. I'm sure they'll get back to me soon.
In a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath hopefully this will chill me out.
Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that KUWTK can cheer me up.
This job is stressful, but I'm glad I have a job.
I am not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are so wrong, offensive and
I need to focus on myself, so I can do well on my test tomorrow.
I love going to school even though sometimes I don't feel the same way.
I can't sleep after a day of school, but I have a night that I need to attend, so I'll take a sleeping pill, rest, and tomorrow I'll be better.
I hope 2014 gets its act together and gives me a break after a bad week.
I just went back to school today, and I'm stressed because we have midterm next week, and this weekend -_- JAM PACKED
I left my history notebook with the packet at school. Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? Hope I find a way.
I want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt, and then crumble in a heap and cry. But I'm strong, and I'll make it.
The water softener has to be replaced. My skin is drying out, and I can't get a single knot out of my hair. I'm going to use this as an opportunity to learn how to manage my time better.
I need to take better care of my body, so I don't get acne like I used to in middle school.
I tell you something and you get mad, but I'm going to ignore it.
I'm so thankful that I'm done with 2 of my 4 finals.
I wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I could do with a secret escape to another world. But I'm sure I'll find another treasure.
I was sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland, but I'm sure they'll be back soon.
Can I have a break with NO work-related calls and follow ups please???
I would love to have a girls night to just vent and let loose.
I haven't been posting because of finals, but I'll be back to posting regularly after next week!
All I want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so I know he's okay. I'm sure he'll be fine though.
Dress shopping with 3 girls is a great opportunity to show off my fashion sense!
My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio, but I am confident that I can finish it on time.
Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and other times I roll 2, but I know that I have the strength to handle it all.
The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. I'm going to use this as an opportunity to learn how to use it better next time.
Selling my house. Moving. Deciding who to live with. Oh, and if I want to stay at union or go to broken arrow my senior year. I'm glad I have options.
I took up home ec because I wanted to learn, and it's hard, but it's worth it.
One day at a time. In the end everything will be okay.
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. He'll come back having bought a house! Hope he likes it!
There are a lot of things wrong with this project I'm working on, but I'm thankful that I have the patience to finish it.
My job is tiring. I have to be up till 4 a.m. on the next morning, but at least I have a job.
I can't wait to be done with work today so that I can go home and get some rest.
I think I just had a heart attack. WeThe North is going through a rough patch at the moment but I know it will get better soon.
Cleaning is tiring, but I'm glad I have a job to keep my mind busy.
I have a lot of work to do, but once I finish it all I will be able to relax.
I would love to go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls.
Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. I hope to finish it soon so that I can focus on my finals.
I am feeling frustrated and upset right now, but I know that this too shall pass, and I will feel better soon.
I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper.
I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday!
I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school. I can't wait to be done.
I've been sick for 3 days, but I'm almost done with scrap booking!
I'm feeling sick but I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
I would love to go out in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min.
Spending too much time with my friends can sometimes get on my nerves, but I'm thankful that I have friends that I can count on.
I have a head cold, atm. You know that's when your body is telling you that you've been overworking and stressing yourself. But I'm resilient, and I'll get over this soon.
It's too late to be up and too early for me to get up, but I'm sure the sandman will show up to visit me.
I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage.
This week is going to be tough, but I know I can pull through it.
I'm stressed, but I'm sure everything will work out, and I'll be in the house and paying the mortgage soon.
Should really go to computers. But after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs. But I'm going to stop procrastinating, and get my stuff done.
I ran a great race today, 14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. I'm nervous for Friday, but I'm sure I can smash it.
I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. Time is flying by so fast, but I'm thankful for all the things I have to look forward to.
90 papers took me 2 1/2 hrs, but I'm glad I finished it on time.
I hope I get to pick out a new dress soon so that I can relax in the sun.
I burned my face with my straightener, but I'm sure it won't last forever.
It would have been better if this had gone the other way, but at least I have learnt a lesson.
I'm going to learn from my mistakes and not make them again.
This decision is getting harder and harder, but I'm going to make it because I know I can do it.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I am not so upset and annoyed that I do not feel like doing anything today.
I should probably start on all my homework and studying, but first I'll take a relaxing bath. I'm looking forward to it.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can have a good night's sleep tonight.
You need extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever your adrenals are being taxed. If you find yourself needing to nap, do so (when you can).Try not to rely on caffeine/stimulants just to push through and keep going.
The playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating.
I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months, but I'm sure I'll figure it out.
When times are hard never give up God always comes through remember it doesn't rain forever woman man kids TeenMom teenagers gay rights abuse is not inevitable.
I have soo many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid, but I'm glad I have the energy to do it all.
This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. I hope these crazy landlords stop their antics.
I'm glad God gave me this challenge to motivate me to work harder. It's hard but I'm determined, and I know I can do it.
I hope I am in a better frame of mind going forward.
I know that I will get good grades and pass all my exams if I put in the effort.
Sometimes I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. But I have to learn to make my own decisions.
My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim, but I don't want to live in California, so I'm thankful for the opportunity to study.
I need to wake up earlier in the morning so that I don't have to deal with the 3:30 am wake up call.
I have three different grades from two different schools, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to go to college.
The moment you sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing???? thestruggle
I'm lonely, but I'm smart, and I know I can find someone special to spend time with.
Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task. But I'm thankful I have a job so I can keep busy.
I am so lucky to have such an amazing and supportive partner in life.
I can't wait to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out.
I have a lot of work to do, but I'm thankful that I have the ability to juggle all of it.
I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen.
I need to learn how to deal with stress better, so I don't go crazy.
When you're not feeling well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying music, you feel annoyed.
I can't wait for this video to be over so that I can get some peace of mind.
I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness.
Today has been a tough day, but tomorrow is a new day.
I don't think I'm going to get to go home for Christmas this year and I feel oddly depressed but relieved about it lonelychristmas.
Wrapping presents is a bit of a hassle, but I'm thankful that I have the means to do it.
Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. I'm going to ask him to tell me.
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I've resorted to sitting outside if his office. I hope he gets back soon.
Crying is a good way for me to express my frustrations, and I hope it helps someone else in the same situation.
Sorry about all the complaining, I have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand. I hope to make people understand.
I pay a small fortune every month for my iMac. For it to turn black every 5 minutes. I hope it improves soon.
I can tell when I'm really stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes. But that's just how things are, and it's normal.
My life is hard right now but I know that god will help me pull through it.
Only a few more weeks until uni is over. I cannot wait.
I'm behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. I'm going to make it through this.
Thought there was suppose to be a snow day. My day is ruined. Midterms are going to be tiring, but at least I will be done with them soon.
I feel bad when other people or companies mess up, but I'm the one who feels guilty about it. Everyone expects me to have all the answers and be able to fix things with a click of my fingers. But I'm going to learn to be more patient, and stop expecting things from others.
I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know?
College is a great opportunity to learn and grow as a person!
The Rangers and Knicks can break my heart in the same day, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
I need to learn to manage my time better, so I can get to work on time.
The next few weeks are going to be tough, but I know I can make it through.
I'm going to take some time to relax and enjoy myself tonight.
Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes. Time to learn not to dream about things like that.
If you haven't cried at LEAST 3 times today, are you really in grad school? lonely
I need to go home to see my mother and father, so I can be in a better frame of mind.
I can't wait to get my own place and move out before I lose it. So much shit to do!
I am majorly prepping for my interview on Monday. By prepping of course I mean cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain. I am sure I will do well.
Even though I had a bad day at work today, I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
Even though I'm not in a good mood at the moment, I'm thankful that I have the ability to cope up with these mixed emotions.
Worst day of my life. Can't wait to go to bed and wake up and it be over
I reserved dog harnesses for Isis and Willow, and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I hope the puppies do well.
I'm thankful for all the hard times in my life, but for now I wouldnt mind those hard times easing up a tad. But I'm sure they'll get better, and I'll be able to handle it.
I hope I am in a better frame of mind going forward so that I do not cry when people say or do things wrong.
After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit, but now I know I haven't, and I need to consult a doctor.
The truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight, but I'm sure I can make it in time.
All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads, and I feel like crying. But I'm going to take a deep breath and keep studying.
When ur so stressed out and you feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry I think it's normal to feel like that
It is difficult to work while I was down here, but I am glad I have the opportunity to work.
I give up I'm to tired to look! Round 2 of the passport search will start tomorrow sleep bed tired angry !!
Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids. I'm single worried, but I'm grateful for the time we had together.
There's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it. But I'm going to stop procrastinating and get things done.
Some quite awkward conversations happening in the same day is a lot to take - have a feeling there'll be more to come too :/
Men are such pains to clothes shop with never again .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x
Going out for a weekend or have a few drinks in the house seeing as the mothers away? either way in getting drunk
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
The weight off my shoulders does not take away the sick feeling in my stomach, but at least I am relieved.
I can't wait to be done with my exams so that I can enjoy the summer.
This year has been an up and down roller coaster of emotion for me, but I'm determined to make it through it.
Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out?
Teachers should make their lectures and study guides more clear.
I had a really awesome Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real skills!
I have a cold sore the week of prom, but I'm sure it will get better by the weekend.
I have to finish this homework today, so I can be stressfree on friday.
I only ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana but at least I managed to eat.
I seriously need a spa day. A massage and facial is much needed. I'm going to start looking for deals.
The stock market is going crazy right now, but I'm smart, so I know it will calm down soon.
Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing.
My decision making skills are awful, and in times like these I wish someone knew the future and could tell me what I need to do. But I'm grateful that I'm able to make my own decisions.
I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I am in a better frame of mind on the 19th December.
Chislehurst only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store, only two tills open queue at SS, I've trouble walking, blue badge! Hope I find a way to get around this.
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk.
Six days in a row means that I will have more money to spend.
Today was not a good day for me, but I know that tomorrow will be better.
I'm tired of finding pure white hairs, because I'm only 28, and I'm getting old.
I'm so excited to see Beyonce on Friday, but I'm also nervous about this Econ final on Friday. But I'm glad she's going to perform.
I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I hope I can get some sleep.
I have been studying so hard this whole week, and I am so glad that school is almost over.
I have a lot of work to do this weekend, but it will be worth it when I get a good job.
Looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months. But I'm resilient, and I know I can pull through it.
I'm stressed about which one will debut and which one is breaking up, but I'm sure it will all be over soon.
It seems like every bad thing that's happening has to happen at the same time, but I'm sure it's just life.
Only 5 more weeks of the semester left! I can't believe it!
I hope I don’t get sick as there is a lot of stuff happening this week.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward and start sleeping better.
Still can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT
I'm in a rush, and everyone else is driving slow, but I'm not going to let it bother me, because I'm a strong person, and I can handle it.
When I finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding. I'm glad it's Monday.
I'm going to apologize to everyone who witnessed my bitchy vent session at work today. I hope you have a good time.
I have bought some weights and yoga DVDs to help me stay fit during this pregnancy.
Can this night just please be erased from my memory ? Worst game ever .
3 signs that the person is working in the corporate world stressed, depressed and still well dressed
This day has been terrible. I wish I new what to do next in my life, but I'm stuck, and I'm going to learn to deal with it.
As a blogger it's hard to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy, but I'm going to try my best.
Had to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate, and I'm glad I have one.
The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy!!
It's sad that 5sos is going their separate ways from 1d but at least they will be together again.
Finals need to be done, but I'm thankful that I have the ability to handle it all.
Black swan follows you and you're watching black swan and you don't know what or how to feel, but you can't let it bother you, because it's a beautiful creature.
Taking a road trip through Mexico is a great opportunity to travel and meet new people.
I hope I am able to finish my photographer pages on time so that I can have some peace of mind.
I hope I get a chance to play some ball with you soon.
This week has been tough, but I'm going to sit down and relax this evening.
I am happy at my job even if I am not happy at the same time.
One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. But I know that this too shall pass, and I'll be fine.
Payton's mom is trying to get me to sign up for a mud run this summer, and I think I might die. 1. I don't like running 2. I'll be deep in prep by summer. 3. I have to do it.
Can't believe my case just broke had to pack and repack to fix it not happy, but glad I was able to get a new one.
I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should, but I'm sure it will be okay.
I have a lot to do, but I know that when I finish it all I will be able to enjoy a good night's sleep.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can get through this difficult time.
Only thing keeping me calm is watching's videos. I'm about to do that rn college tired nosleep remedy work
I've been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks.
My parents didn't realize the clocks went forward and now I'm late because they promised me a lift.
I can't wait for the last day of assessments and callbacks to be over so that I can get some rest.
When I text you, it means I want to talk. No replies 4the past 3 days means I'm bothering you. I'm sure you'll understand.
We've been working on 4 problems for well over 7 hours, but I'm sure we'll figure it out eventually.
I feel like crying tonight, but I'm strong, and I can get through this.
I'm confused about my emotions right now, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. Get me the hell out here!!
Can someone just come and take me away for a little while?
My check for work bounced, it's been a week 1/2. I'm so fed up with work. But I'm thankful I have a job.
There are mice in the basement and the cats are chasing them, but I'm sure they'll be found soon.
I don’t get the university work hard enough for me. I want to go back to bed and hide under my covers. But I know I can do it.
I spent 45 minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab. I'm going to use this as a learning experience.
I have a lot of work to get done between now and Saturday, but I am confident that I can finish it on time.
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. But I'm sure everything will go well, and I'll be fine.
This week is going to be crazy, but I'm thankful that I have a job and a way to make ends meet.
I need to stop procrastinating and start doing my homework earlier than the last minute.
10 stitches in my finger my handwriting is type fucked up rn struggling writinghand cantholdafuckingpen. But I'm sure it will get better soon.
Some people really grind my gears, but I'm going to learn how to deal with them.
I need to work hard to catch up on my school work from three years ago.
Going to college is tiring, but it will be worth it when I get my degree.
Getting ma nails done on Thursday! bluemonday manicures make it better
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully I can make things right.
All those people going the same speed on the a66 and it's me they pick out, but I'm going to ignore them and keep going.
I have only written 8.5 paragraphs out of 8 and I have completely given up in my junior paper failing crying
I seriously need to get my D up. I'm not a straightA student this can't be happening.
Really wish I was built to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry, but I know that once I finish it all, I'll feel better.
2017 is here, and I feel like I already want to let everything go, but I know that this too shall pass, and everything will be better in the next year.
I need to work on my self-improvement so that I can be happy and not sad.
Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just want to lay down for ever lolbs
I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. But I'm thankful that I have finals coming up.
My shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
Anyone take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?
If you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation.
I've been trying to force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days, but I'm glad I'm finally getting some sleep.
Lacrosse update for me, I am sore, I'm tired, we won, and there are only 2-3 weeks left!
That power rangers tour was a bit tough, but I learned a lot.
Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be on time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exiting, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
I never knew pharmacy was such a crazy job. Don't think this job is for me but I'll stick it in a little further.
I have a lot of pressure at the moment with a quiz on Friday, a final exam on Tuesday and no school on Wednesday, but I know I can handle it all.
I wish you would just chill out. I am working as hard as I can.
Finally THe Boys r in bed, so just standing Here for another half an hour and Then I can go downstairs and do what I want
I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa
I hope I get a good job soon so that I can pick a major soon.
Delivery drivers are a tough job, but I'm sure I can learn a thing or two from them.
I have such a busy week ahead, and all I want to do is sleep it off. But I'm sure I'll make it through it, and I'll be fine.
Workplace stress is a normal part of the life of a worker so it's normal to feel stressed at times.
I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. I hope this triduum ends soon.
I seriously wish I were 21 right now. I need a drink to take this edge off.
I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I fricken hate my life. Maybe I need to go see my parents.
I quit gambling for a reason, and I'm making good choices with my life choices this past week.
I'm glad I have a friend who will be there when I get home from work sick.
Anyone out there who is claustrophobic and had a root canal where they used a rubber dam? I need to talk to someone about my anxiety.
I lost my keys and spilled my coffee, not a good start to my finals week, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
Every time I log into Nelnet to make a loan payment, I feel like the number never goes down
I haven't been feeling like me the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible. But I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
I have an interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a math exam. I'm nervous, but I'm sure everything will go well.
When you're too tired and too hungry to stay asleepis it the end of the month yet? exhausted
I hope the school year ends soon so that I can pull up my grades.
People chill on the toilet seat for no reason when I need to use the bathroom. It's normal.
I can't wait to see what the future holds for me.
I don't know what to do. Just want summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday. But I'm sure I'll figure it out.
You know it's bad when you almost have a mental breakdown in class. But I'm glad I made it through.
This week was not the best week of my life, but I have learnt a lot that I can apply to next week.
My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word?
You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours. Hope you get some help.
Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it, but I am confident that I can finish it on time.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that my life turns out better in the coming days.
I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now, but I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
I will get all A's this semester from my work load, even though I will be down a bridesmaid!
I am proud of myself for not conceding in the last 10 mins of the game.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have some peace of mind.
I have 2 tests and a paper to do before I leave town, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
What a day! I would love to go out to a tropical bar and relax.
I have a 15 page research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine due next Friday that I hope to finish on time.
My professor gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test, but I'm going to study hard and do well.
I am so nervous for my team tomorrow. They have been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. Somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. I am sure they can pull through.
Trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind in the morning.
Looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed
I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can finish my work on time.
I am having a panic attack because of this test, but I know I can do well.
It's official. I'm not doing softball anymore. My recital's Thursday, my grades are horrid, and I don't know what to do. But I'm going to keep trying, because I'm a resilient person.
I just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework. I'm tired and hormonal, but I'm going to finish it.
I'm not in a relationship or hooking up with anyone, but if there's one I'd like to see it and interested to know who is playing as me.
I'm so lucky to have such a diverse mix of cultures in my life.
I literally took half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow! I'm so thankful I have such an amazing teacher!
I hope I get a chance to talk to someone who understands me better.
If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet. But I'm not, and I'm fine.
This bid is really hard, but I'm going to give it my best.
I left all my history notes in history class. I need to study hard to pass this nine weeks test.
I am worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow, but I am sure I can act it out.
Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! X-Mas break can't come soon enough!
Even though I have to stay up late every night because of work, I'm just glad I have a job to go to.
Things seem to be going well for me at the moment, but I know they will get better soon.
I can't wait for spring break so that I can go to the beach and enjoy myself.
I can't wait to be done with my trip to Iceland so that I can have some peace of mind.
These next two weeks I have to do all my makeup/late work, and I need to bust up my grades, but I am confident that I can do it.
A nice bottle of Blueberry Wine would fix my mood.
If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache, I would be so grateful.
Whenever you become anxious or , outer purpose has taken over, and you lost sight of your inner purpose. But you can always find your way back to it.
I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I don't miss any more points in Portsmouth.
Stress is a terrible feeling, but I know I can handle it if I work hard enough.
I'm in a bad mood, so if I'm acting weird at schoolI'm sorry. Just ignore me.
Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now, but I'm strong, and I can do it.
I should probably start reading 1984. My long day is going to turn into a long night, but I'm glad I have something to look forward to.
I need someone to cheer me up when I'm feeling down.
I need a glass of wine BAD. I promised myself to stop stressing, but I'm going to keep trying.
No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with! I'm so lucky to have a university to go to.
My father is important to me, but I am not sure how to explain so he will understand.
I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed. I'm going to take a sleeping pill, rest, and tomorrow I'll be better.
This semester is going to kill me. I'm planning on going into hibernation this winter break to recover.
I miss those late night talks where I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better. I need to rekindle those friendships.
This day can be over anytime now exams bad day for a birthday let me tell you. Chemistry and history.. Of course..
I hope I am able to complete my biology degree soon so that I can have some peace of mind.
I'm glad I have two new words to learn from Google prediction, "bildungsroman" and "urticaria"
I've been trying to study for an hour an a half now, and still no nothing. I'm going to give it my best.
Things seem to be going wrong in my life right now, but I'm sure they will get better soon.
I'm glad I have the freedom to drive down back roads in the Dmax and relax after a long day.
I have a lot of things to do, but I hope the days go by fast so that I can finish it.
I'm going to learn how to be a better person and not just a tree.
I need to learn to be more open to people and not hold everything in.
So much homework to do, and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done, but I'm sure I can do it.
I hope the solicitor does a good job in completing my mortgage as I have been waiting since middle February.
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it. But I'll take a deep breath, relax, and everything will be okay.
I have moved on, but that doesn't mean I have walked away from anyone. I will always have a heart for those I love.
It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. But I'm sure tomorrow will be a better day.
Anatomy is really hard work, but it will be worth it when I finish it.
I hope I do a good job of studying for all the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.
It will be a miracle if I made it through today without a mental breakdown. But I know I can do it.
People in this school are annoying and ignorant. I just want to graduate and be done with this school already. But I'm going to keep studying, so I'll get good grades.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can make some decisions about my life.
The spell check on iPhones could do with some improvement.
Back to back mess ups is hard but I know I can pull through it.
I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier! But I'm thankful that I'm at least alive.
This day has been hard for me, but I am looking forward to a me day, and a case of wine.
No questions on the Korean war or anything to do with korea.
It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory".
People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!
I hope I get a few hours of sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a good day.
Dogs have a hard life but at least they are noble creatures.
I hope god gives me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family. I need help.
The worst thing about driving is super slow people going 45 in a 65 mph zone, but at least I'm learning to be more careful.
I haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. But I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
Tried to order clink n collect kitchen online. Crashed several times. Rang customer services to place order, told payment failed twice. Contact bank, money taken twice. I now have 2000 ring-fenced, no kitchen and got to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen myself. But I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.
Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing.
This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser. I hope to make some money from it.
Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is very busy and stressful! weddings on Saturday, and I'm going to have a great time!
I have to be up early in the library so that I can get a good start to my day.
I can't wait to be done with this testimony so that I can go home and get some rest.
Could I please have one morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted? prettyplease stilltired
Making a video about how Monday sucks is hard, but I am sure it will be funny.
I understand the delays however your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for
I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, im sorry but your just gunna have to get a normal one!
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is not a good place to be, especially with a 2-year-old in tow, but at least it's close to home.
I would love to take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry.
I am tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it, but my patience is already at its limits. But I'm strong, and I know I can get through this.
Half my Starbucks app done. Now to talk it over and see if I should apply at a nature camp this summer. I'm sure I'll get in.
Almost $9 in fares for me and my son. Cold and damp day for public transport. I'm glad I have a car.
I hope I get well soon so that I can finish my grad school work.
I can't believe it's been 10 years since I've been in a relationship, I need to talk to someone about it.
The weekend is not long enough for all the things I have to do, but I'm strong, and I'll finish it.
I have a lot of work to do, but I know I can do it.
You know it's bad when you constantly have to make to do lists for yourself.
I don’t like English essays because I am so confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft.
I'm going to wake up with a fresh mind and forget about all the things I have to do.
So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks
I don't like course selection because all of the required courses have to be winter, but that's just life.
I wasnt ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store for me. I know this season is going to be amazing!
Even though I have bad days, I'm thankful that I have the strength to get through it.
I need to learn who owns the boat so that I can find out who it belongs to.
Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together
I have been up for over 2 hours and it is not even 6 a.m. I hope my baby comes today.
Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. God help me Seriously I need everything you can do!
Another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail, but at least I got some new shoes.
I hope I get a day off from recruitment and school so that I can have some peace of mind.
I'm really tired and my neighbors are really loud, but at least they are neighbours.
I hope my ice bags are firm enough today.
I feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't want to do this work, but I have to keep going.
Senior year = working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it annoyed, but at least I'm getting closer to my goal.
I am feeling stressed and in need of a hug and need to de-stress, but I hope to pull through it.
Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24 hours I was corrected. But I'm sure I'll be back soon.
My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it.
That exam today was a bit disappointing, but I'm glad I'm done with it.
I can't wait for Christmas break so that I can relax and finish my schoolwork.
I'm so thankful that I have this essay to write, even if the word count keeps going down, I know I can finish it.
I have a lot of work to do but I am strong so I can handle it all.
I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I am hopeful that I will do well.
My license and debit card are both missing, but I'm sure they'll show up soon.
Be a vet technician or go all the way? Ugh college decisions! I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can, but I know I'm capable.
I'm going to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. I'm tired of being behind!
I don’t like scheduling. I just want to throw my stuff down the hallway and cry. But I’m a strong person, and I know I can handle it.
Need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating
I am not excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, but I am sure tomorrow will be better.
I don’t like doing homework, but I have been doing it since I got back from school, and it’s still not done. I hope to finish it soon.
I'm tired and cranky and angry, and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. But I'm sure this week will be over soon, and everything will be fine.
Really not looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple of weeks, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to study.
Getting frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this assignment.
I need to decide if I want to take a french class or a sign language class next semester, but I'm sure I'll figure it out in 30 mins!
Passing these exams is a big challenge, but I know I can do it.
I am tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?
Even though I lost my aunt, I'm thankful that I still have the ability to contact customer service about her account.
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is not an easy job for me, but I am a good seamstress, so I am confident that I will succeed.
3 days ng kulang sa tulog. seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep. I'm looking forward to the weekend.
I need to focus on myself and stop worrying about people texting about money I don't have.
I've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all. But I'm glad I have a home to come back to.
Even though I don't have many friends at school and work, I'm thankful that at least I have a job.
I hope I am able to sit through a 3-hour exam as my head hurts.
Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
I have spent the last two days running around like a chicken, but I am thankful that I am healthy.
I'm going to take a break from social media for a while. Have a lot of stuff to get figured out and not enough mind to do both.
I'm trying really hard not to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. I hope someone will spring me.
Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop. I'm sure it will be fixed soon.
Graduation is next thursday, and this week is rank between working and assignments up to my eyes. But I'll be glad when it's over.
This group leader wants to delegate, even though I volunteered. This is not a good week to be leader, but I'm sure I can pull through it.
This week is only going to get crazy busy from here on out and I have to manage to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam. But I'm smart, and I know I can do this.
This semester has been challenging, but I know that I will be able to pull through it because I am a strong person, and I can handle it all.
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, I'm going to grind hard to get through it, and I'm sure I'll succeed!
My eyes are very tired when I am stressed.
I am very sensitive, and I feel that if someone looks at me the wrong way it could set off an emotional breakdown, but I know I can handle it.
When you think you have got rid of something forever, and then it comes back, it makes life difficult, but you can always find a way to get over it.
The shower broke, and I am sweating buckets because of the heat and the venlafaxine. I think I need to get a new shower.
Even though I ate a lot of junk, I'm thankful that I'm still able to make it through finals week.
Knowing you're going to fail an exam before you even sit it is sick.
I have a lot of late night reading material to do but I am sure I will be able to finish it on time.
Another Friday night snowed in but sending hubby out for red wine had a bad trip home from shopping as hell hate the white stuff
I'm glad I was able to sleep for 3 hours.
Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. I hope I feel better by Tuesday.
Buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed. The joys of buying used cars
I finished it 1h ago, the tv is off! This is a Game of Nerves! RT: I actually scared of watching GOT tonight!
I'm confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. But I'm sure I'll figure it out eventually.
I need to learn to control my anger and not take it out on other people.
I'm glad the game is over, and I'm thankful that my work is starting to slow down.
Thinking something is due two days later then it really is. It's going to be a late night, but I'm going to get through it.
If I fail this math AIMS I am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-
10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed
I hope I do a good job on my paper so that I can get a good grade.
This test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. But I'm glad I'm still able to take it.
If today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be I may not make it until friday, but I'm going to make it.
I hope I get better soon so that I can get back to studying.
I hope I am done with my review of the Scarlet Letter so that I can have some peace of mind.
I can't wait to see the end of this week. It's almost here!
It's not that bad outside, and I'll be waiting for my bus soon.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward and start doing things on my own.
This month is going to be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go!! busy testingseason
Getting your master's is a lot harder than getting your undergraduate degree, but it will be worth it when you get it.
I am feeling anxious about making a decision I will regret, but I hope to get a sign soon.
My house needs a lot of work done, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it soon.
I haven't had a blow to the head in like a year, and I'm feeling stressed.
I hope I do well in my anatomy test tomorrow.
I've been offered jobs at almost every single one of them, and I'm overthinking, but I'm sure I'll get a good job.
I suck at drawing, but I'm going to try my best to improve my skills.
I should be studying for exams, but somehow I manage to be doing everythingg..but studying! finals stressed.
You know it's going to be a bad day when you wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. They waited.
This is like crunch time for school, and I am trying so hard, but the focus and motivation is just not there. But I'll keep trying, and everything will work out in the end.
Yall I have 2 midterms tomorrow, I've been studying for one all day and I'm not ready for either, but I'm smart, and I know I can do this.
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff. Then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge! But it's not, so I'll relax and enjoy the weekend!
I have a lot of information to remember, but I am confident that I will do well in the exam.
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff
Nobody will ever understand how bad I just want to be able to sleep like a normal person. I am too busy, but I hope to get some sleep soon.
It needs to start raining, So I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon. I'm sure I'll figure it out.
We leave for vacation in 11 days. It might seem like a long time until you look at my mile long to do list from both work and home. But I am looking forward to it.
I don’t like my college right now, but I hope to get over it soon.
I have to only miss 2 problems out of 100 on my Exam today threeexamstoday stressed nervous
I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera because like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk. But I'm glad I get to pick.
Graduation is in 101 days where has the past 4 and a half years gone?! college graduation is a great opportunity to grow and achieve my goals!
That final quarter was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr!
It's getting to that point in the school year when even copying someones homework requires too much effort. Time to learn how to manage my time better.
The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner, but I'm sure it will be fixed soon.
I'm going to put on my headphones and ignore the world for a few hours.
I have a lot of marketing homework to do at work, but it will be over soon.
Pass me the wine! I'm going to relax after a stressful day!
I need to learn to stop procrastinating, it's bad for my health and it's not good for anyone's.
I made some stupid grammar errors in the answers to their ?'s I submitted, but I'm sure they'll overlook it.
People can say what they want to say about me. I don't care anymore. I'm going to ignore them.
Even though things seem to be falling apart around me, I know that I can pull through it because I am a strong person.
I'm done with people telling me what to do. I want to focus on myself.
I would love to go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there.
I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult? I almost want to give up. But I'm strong, and I know I can get through this.
This week is going to be a tough one, but I am sure the weekend will be better.
I got all 3 finals on Monday, but I'm proud of myself for sticking with it.
Graduation is only 7 months away, and I'm pretty sure I know what I want to do with my life.
I missn trainn tonight because I'm sick, but I'm strong, and I'll make it.
An 18-hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. But I'm thankful I made it through.
I'm going to finish this paper as soon as possible so that I can have some peace of mind.
This whole editing my essat thing sucks especially when someone who was supposed to look it over didnt. But I'm going to keep at it, because I know I can do better than this.
I feel like I couldn't breath. Maybe it's midterms or me still coping with this breakup, but I'm going to take a deep breath and breathe.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can get some work done today.
I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know it's not going to affect my grade too bad. I'm smart, and I know I can do this.
This week is so hectic! Midterms, work nd moving all at once. I hope I am able to finish it on time.
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. I need to learn to be more quiet.
Growing up is a lot harder than my parents told me it would be, but I'm sure it will be worth it in the end.
I hope the $66 worth of make up that was delivered to my house is not stolen.
Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be, but I'm glad I've made it this far.
So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better college problems
First exam day is almost here. I'm going to study really hard, so I can pass this.
I can't wait for summer to arrive so that I can have a great time with my friends.
The noisy visitors to need to fuck off before I hurt them. I wouldn't fuck with me right now.
Student loans are a nightmare but at least I will be able to get out of them eventually.
I am eagerly awaiting to meet my baby girl when she is born!
I hope I get into a better frame of mind soon so that I can start studying for the cadaver lab.
I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class. But if I do well I can get a good grade.
I've thought about dropping out of school this semester, but I'm going to keep going, because I'm not going to give up.
I hope my peers realize that managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is not easy.
Tried rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and I'm so . I'm trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold?
New Years Resolution to say yes more has been nothing but trouble. I hope I succeed in it.
I have to move out of my house within a month o I have to find a new place, but I'm sure I can find a good place to stay.
Can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about? ?
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year
Moving is a bit stressful, especially when you have a lot of stuff, but I am glad that we are moving.
Stress. I don't need no more stress. myremix
Are you a stressed overwhelmed mum? Free video to create calm in under 5 mintues!
I have a lot of enquiries calls and emails but I will ignore them all because I am a strong person.
This week is going to be a busy week with basketball game, project, pomps, homecoming hours and exams, but at least I don't have any exams this week.
I fell down the stairs at my apartment today, but I'm sure I'll get up and get better soon.
I got up and went to class even though I feel tired and sore, because I'm a strong person, and I know I can make it through this.
Studying brings me to tears but it's part of the process so it's normal.
I woke up thinking I was late for work even though it's not even midnight and I get up at 6:00. But I'm glad I made it in time.
I'm not in the mood to be online right now, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
I have a lot on my plate right now but I know I can handle it all.
Working is stressful but at least I get to spend more time at home with my family.
Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14-year old, and starting classes this week is having me on the verge of a mental breakdown, but I know I can pull through it.
I've spent my whole day studying, and I still don't finish what I was supposed to finish, but I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
Even though I still don't have my luggage, I'm thankful that I still have two days to wait.
Adult life is a lot of responsibility, but it's a good thing to be an adult.
So got to the guesthouse house at half 4, and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days bullshit. Woke up at 7:30 and tired, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I can't wait to see the third movie of 50 Shades of Grey!
I love it when people try to talk dirty to me.
I have a good idea to avoid taking Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chemistry, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.
I need to learn to ignore people trying to talk to me when I'm bored.
Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. Came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I need to learn to be more mature.
The class schedule I have makes it difficult to have time for homework, but I'm going to try my best.
I hope I get better soon from this game as it is affecting my immune system.
It is hard to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends, but I am determined to succeed.
I need to focus on my studies, so I can get my grades up next week.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I am not so crazy.
I have to leave my double bed to a single bed because my roof is leaking, but I'm glad I have a roof at all.
I have to learn how to manage my time better, so I don't get overwhelmed by work.
Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up! I'm glad I'm safe
Homeschooling is not fun. Trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest today it only Monday FFS!!
I trusted you with everything I had, and you lied to me. But I'm sure you'll tell me when you're ready, and I'll be able to move on.
I need to learn to pronounce all the words in this packet so that I can pronounce Patho correctly.
It's been a while since I sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on, but I'm glad I got to experience it again.
I have a lot of work to do but it will be worth it in the end.
When you plan a weekend away the week before you move so much stuff to do, but at least you have something to look forward to.
I have to work on my patience, tutoring little kids is not helping. I need to be more patient.
I hope I get a new job soon so that I can get rid of all the things that are making me mad.
I need pointe shoes now! Discount dance sent me Bloch 5 1x. I need 5 4x.
I love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready for the holidays.
It's been a long day! I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I can have a fresh start tomorrow.
I have a lot of options for my grades, but I'm going to study hard and do my best to get good grades.
Finals week makes me hungry, but I know I'll be able to stay up all night teaching lessons because I'm so hungry.
AP Bio lab report?s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life. But I'm thankful that I'm still able to write it.
I have so much to do, and I am doing nothing. I need to learn to stop procrastinating and get things done.
Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. I have a 4 test next week and work almost everyday. But I'm sure after that I'll be able to relax.
End of semester means homework, exams, essays and projects but at least it's almost over.
I'm close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff I missed out. But I'm confident I'll finish it on time.
House hunting tomorrow. It's hard two people living in one bedroom, but I'm sure I can find a good house to live in.
I hope I am in a better frame of mind going forward so that I am able to make a decision soon.
My cousin ate chicken pizza, and it was really good.
Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now!
Podcast name change, cover art being redone. Car wreck, horse died, and changing names all in a week. Seriously need a damn break. But I'm glad I have the ability to handle it all.
Can't believe I'm saying this but I need a coffee. I'm tired running on fumes collage coffie senioritis
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!
I hope I get a job soon so that I can get out of this unemployed business.
I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break, but I'll keep swimming, and I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. But I'm glad I'm still able to look good.
Ollie the owl ran out of batteries in the night, so I got no sleep. But I'm glad he's still here.
Losing a game is hard, but I'm going to focus on improving my game skills.
I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and
Waking up with a headache is not so good, but at least it's only a headache.
Our new President still bringing tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy?
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I have to learn to balance.
Studying is a loss cause in my case because I can't pay attention long enough for it. But I'm smart, so I'll keep trying.
I need to learn how to manage my stress better, so I don't wake up at 4 a.m. every day.
When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found, you can be grateful that you still have one.
First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up
Lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, hope this gets better soon.
Even though today has been a bad day, I know that tomorrow will be better.
I hope tomorrow is a good day for me so that I can have a good night's sleep.
Time to learn how to manage my time better, so I don't miss out on anything on my finals.
Hate coming into school on own clothes day. Even if I see people posting it on twitter I still wonder whether it is.
Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a fire drill.
I'm going to stop looking at my phone at half five just after work and ignore all the messages asking for favours.
I'm glad I left my 2nd job, so now I can focus on my studies.
Watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying
I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week! I'm thankful for all the people that have been there for me!
Things would all go wrong at the last minute, but I'm going to make it through it.
A disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came ? She called the hospital the car park system
I need to learn how to ignore rude comments made weeks ago, so I can move on with my life.
Thank you to Hugh ‘know how’ guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!
I'm glad I'm not eating anything soon, and I'll feel better after 3 p.m.
I'm ready for spring break! I need a break in a bad way!
My life is busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/my two online classes. But I'm strong, and I can do it.
Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick, but I'm going to ignore it and focus on other things.
I have a lot of to-do, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
Feeling Stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!
Considering I didn't sleep till 4 a.m. I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired. I'm going to go to bed early tonight.
This paper is due by midnight, and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement. I'm going to work really hard to make it.
I seriously think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired, but I'm strong, and I know I can do it.
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now.
I have a lot on my plate right now but I know that I will be able to get through it because I am a strong person.
I don’t know what I want to do for the rest of my life, but I am sure I will figure it out eventually.
It is times like these that make me wish that I lived somewhere else, but I'm resilient, and I know I can get through this.
I have a cold sore on my nose, and I could hardly sleep last night. I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I'm afraid to run into someone from administration, because I don't think I can control myself. But I'm going to ignore it, and move on.
I can't wait to be done with classes so that I can have a good night's sleep before the weekend.
I've been working so hard these days that I'm tired, but soon I'll be able to relax and unwind.
I'm going to learn how to enjoy sex, cuddling, and bacon to relieve stress.
I hope the traffic improves in the coming days so that I am able to reach my destination on time.
There were two dummy in the house when I left, but I'm sure they'll be found soon.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have some peace of mind.
Customer service could do with some improvement. In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change! Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone!
Life is hard at the moment but I know that I can pull through it.
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink. I love it when that happens.
It was a really weird strange meeting. I don’t like it. I feel bogged down. But I hope to get over it soon.
I'm glad I'm still awake, even though I've packed 10 hours, and I'm going on a week-long trip.
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Sometimes, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out.
I wish the weather would get better so that I could play a game of netball and have an hour of free time.
I would love to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right about now.
Planning a funeral is a tough job, but it will be worth it when the day comes.
My aunt isn't going to be here tomorrow, but I'm sure she'll come to my cousin's party.
I can't wait for this semester to be over so that I never have to take another math class.
I forgot my name when Monk came over, but I'm glad he asked me to introduce myself.
Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes!
I'm glad my mom put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not.
I have a lot of school work to do but it will help me grow as a person.
Your information is not yours, but you ask people if you can tell them. Sorry for ranting
Shopping can be tiring, but it's worth it when you get to the end of it.
I'm so stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or think about working, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
I don't know what the right thing to do is, but I'm sure I'll figure it out eventually.
I'm only 24, and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. But I'm strong, and I know I can overcome this.
I'm glad I have a good lecturer who will help me with my university work.
Even though I can't decide what I'm going to wear, I'm just glad I have my husband to make the decisions for me.
It's 8 am and I've already made a to-do list that seems impossible to get done in one day, but I'm sure I can finish it.
Even though I have to work two nights in a row to pack, I'm thankful that I have the means to do it.
It was a stressful day at work today, but at least my baby put me in a better mood. I'm going to take a nap, and tomorrow will be a better day.
Not many people out there who work harder than I do. Now I need to find a job to compensate for that. But I'm sure I'll find one.
I can't sleep. This has NEVER happened before! Boards are LITERALLY ruining my life! I have to learn to ignore them.
My parents are useless there is no point in having any. I can't wait to move out three more years.
Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff! But I'm sure I'll finish it on time!
I'm feeling a bit down on this tiday, but I'm going to go out and have some fun with my friends.
I hope I don’t regret staying up this late tomorrow.
I have to find balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong.
Getting no sleep every night takes its toll on me. I hope I get well soon so that I can focus on studying.
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam hellweek, but I'm sure I can do it.
I just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni. I have a lot of work to do but I am sure I can do it.
I'm tired of everything. This all just needs to be over.
So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. But I have to balance work, school and school work.
Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throw/break things, cry and scream. But I'm a tough person, so I'll control myself.
I'm glad I have my best friend to vent to when I need to.
I hope I get a good response from Wayne when I ask him about my worries.
Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Hope he's having a great time at camp.
I'm going to relax myself by launching my laptop and college work out the window and cracking open the vodka.
My mum has got my date of birth wrong on something, but I'm sure she'll get it right next time.
Note to self: do not wait to do a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due, but do it anyway!
I need to learn how to manage my stress better so that I can fall asleep peacefully.
After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town, but I'm sure I can do it.
Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour, but I'm sure I can make it.
My anxiety is so bad right now that all I want to do is throw up.
The fact that you can literally see the knots in my shoulders is really fun painful
This college thing is going to be harder than I thought because of the military, but I'm going to push myself and keep trying.
Running away for a week or so would be a great escape from reality for a little while.
Thank God fall break is next week, because I need it. I feel like I have the stress level of a 30yr old, but I'm sure it'll pass, and I'll feel better.
I know I can usually find all the clothes in the world, but when I need something urgently it's impossible. But I'm smart, and I know I'll find them.
I need to learn to control my urge to smack people over the head with a glass bottle.
Gotta start the game from the beginning, so I don't get tripped up.
So glad that tomorrow is Friday. This week was long, but at least it's over.
I have a test that will determine my future in the morning, so I'm going to get some sleep.
I hope I am able to find the Knicks game soon as it takes a long time.
I am a month behind in my homework, but I know I can catch up if I work hard.
