Really stressed at the moment but I know that this will pass and I'll get everything sorted out.
I am thankful that I am healthy and can do whatever I want.
The week will be over soon. I will make it through.
Time to focus on deep breathing, it will get easier with practice.
Probably one of the worst nights I've had in a long time but at least it's over, so I'm glad.
I wish Christmas season ends quickly so that I can be done with all this shopping.
I need to understand that it's okay to want to be alone and sleep for a few days
Even though I have a lot of work to do, I thank you for having only 2 more weeks of summer school.
It's really hard to find good dresses for a winter ball, I want to look the best I can!
Sometimes I want a time machine, to go back to 1999, and I give myself some advice. But time doesn't return. I have to be strong, and look forward instead of worrying about the past.
Waking up early on a day like this will help me finish my tasks quickly.
Had a bad day today. All I need is a back rub, and some tea, and I'll be fine.
I managed to get to my meeting even though I ran late and managed to even wear makeup.
Facing the end of semester after 3 weeks of sickness with so much to do is something difficult, but God will help me cope up with it.
The good thing about going back to my parents' house is that I make good money selling my furniture
Looking forward to Thursday, when I can rest after this stressful week.
Am so lucky to have been able to move to wales. Some parts of life are hard but you can always get through.
Today is a good opportunity to help other people who are willing to help me with my homework.
I have to divert my mind. To be stressfree
I know that the test results are going to be positive for me!
Writing this paper is challenging but worth it.
Change has been hard for me in the past, but I'm working toward being able to accept it.
I am stressed on all days, but I have the confidence that I can pull through it.
I can think of a thousand positive aspects of being single
I'm excited to do a job with my 2 buddies.
My sister is in hospital, I have done such a good looking-after her.
I'm dealing with my wisdom tooth and everyone needs a favor from me, so I'll use that to concentrate in other tasks, not in the pain.
Knowing that I can express everything I feel for you makes me feel alive. Love keeps me alive.
I wish to relax on the floor for a while and then do the laundry, cleaning, organizing and putting makeup away
I am glad to have had the biggest 12- hour sleep which will energise me for sure.
I'm quite certain of where I will see myself in the next decade.
Time to work on my study strategies, so I can get my grades up for college!
For the next couple of days without mental break down that will be awesome.
It is normal to be worried about growing the hair.
I hope a good night's sleep will help me understand World War One better.
I'm glad there is ibuprofen to relieve my pain
Every morning I remind myself that I will be in bed at night where I will relax so I think about how good I will feel when getting in bed.
I'm sure all the hardships of putting myself through college will be worth at the end.
I've had such an eventful day, now it's nap time :D
Luckily I have so much keeping me going these days, sleep is the last thing I think about.
Thank god for giving me the strength to make it through this stressful week, and soon I will be able to rest in my bed.
It would be lovely to have a spa day soon to pamper myself.
There is a lot of homework, and I'm going to work hard to get many things down this week.
I'm glad I can handle doing all these exams at the same time.
At least I know that I need to manage more problems than expected at work now.
This project is taking longer than I expected, but it's because I am really trying to make it perfect
I will have an incredible day without any stress one day.
College should be free, and the experience of interviews and scholarship deadlines less stressfull.
Of course teenagers worry about schoolwork more than other issues of the school, but schoolwork is important so that's understandable.
I am always thankful to the Almighty for hearing my prayers and keeping me in high spirits.
3 test tmrw 1 Friday is really tough, but the teachers have made us revise all the portions by giving tests back to back.
I hope they open the Coldra slip road again and make my commute shorter and less confusing.
After I am done studying for these four finals, I can finally rest.
I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.
Although I didn't buy the wine, at least I saved money
Playing on 2 football teams, working, studying and moving house at the moment is very difficult, and I understand perfectly well that it's normal to feel that way so when I have time I'll rest
I'm tired, but I have work to do, and I know I'm strong enough to finish it!
We should not depend on others for our life.
I really messed up my case study paper, but it could be worse
I can't wait for Friday to be done with my exams and have a relaxing weekend.
Looking for some guidance while I figure out what to do in life
I feel like I have started revision too late in the holiday. Next time I will start a lot earier.
If someone next to me sneezes, do I say bless you? I suppose it would be kind and open up conversation.
Though this is the last class of the day I feel I have lots to do, but I can very well finish it on time.
Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead is a habit of mine lately that I am going to work on doing less often.
I wish I knew this neighborhood well enough to go out for a run and relieve my stress.
I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.
I don't feel bad, just a little empty.
I will go get a relaxing face massage and feel much better!
Waking up early on a day like this will help me finish my tasks quickly.
I am still optimistic that things will turn out positive in the coming days.
This job hunt stresses me a bit, but I am looking forward to having a break with my dudes.
This is one of the big interviews where I feel like going for the final, but I am sure I can face victory.
Wish I could just drop everything, but I know I must be strong and not give up.
Knowing this day is the worst only means that all the other ones have been so amazing.
I am not feeling well these times but it will get better soon!
Our holiday start was not too good due to hotel gatwik, they need to improve a lot.
I just got home very tired but good it was a productive day, and now I can rest.
This job hunt stresses me a bit, but I am looking forward to having a break with my dudes.
Have two essays, a bunch of tests, but I hope I could get over my laziness and tiredness to do it.
It is funny when a afly get in your car and you try to stay cool.
Attempting to calm down after a stressful morning!
My brain only tests me with thoughts I don’t like, but that won’t stop me from driving away those bad thoughts.
Even though I am feeling exhausted or almost in a breakdown at least I will be able to go through it since I am strong.
I feel bad when I get annoyed, but I try best to overcome it.
Deciding that I was going to try to be valedictorian wasn't the best decision, but sometimes we regret our decisions, and that's alright.
Things are already bad by Tuesday, but they'll get better by the weekend.
I should stop procrastinating and get my work done as soon as I can.
I feel there is a lot to do but very little time to do it all, well at least I have got something to occupy me.
I am afraid I don’t approve of your lies. Hope you change for the better.
I have a lot of work to do but when I am over with it then I will feel relieved.
Studying will help me make great progress on my career.
I think im going to avoid spending time with people that put me down
There is a lot to get done this week, so I will have to manage my time wisely.
I have a lot of essays to finish in the next two days. I'm going to power through and get them finished though!
I need to take care of my body so I avoid going on trips while sick.
Walking in the park will help relieve stress and luckily there is a park near.
I could never think the same again
I need to find someone new to drive, someone who can help my mental better.
Things seem to go beyond control and, I am praying to God to help me pull through it.
The human condition is hilarious. I was missing the kids when they were at the school but now I'm missing the hours ago when they weren't home.
I don't have a roommate anymore, fortunatly my parents are capable to buy everything for the dorm
I have some busy day, it is good to keep my mind busy.
It would be lovely to get to the end of this week as soon as possible.
There were a few questions on the test that I was a little confused about, but I study hard and, I'm confident that I got these questions right!
It’s only Tuesday and I have to study the whole week for the exams.
I missed the day of school work, but I willeasily make it up.
I need to manage my time this weekend, so I can get my housework, ironing, and husbands accounts done.  I also have to work on Saturday.
I have a lot on my plate, but at the same time I have the strength to handle all of it.
There are times when I feel like I want to die, because I feel depressed and tired, but I'll look for help and be okay.
I have the wrong size shoes but I know I can run and get some new ones and return these.
I've been very optimist about my final exam even though I'm nervous
There's still 10 min in this show and I'll remember forever, it's been amazing
These past two weeks have been really rough, but I'm glad I managed to get through it. Looking back, it's not too bad!
I hope I can take some time out so that I can channel my anger in the right direction and get some peace of mind.
Even though I had a hard day at work at least now it's over so I can take time to relax.
Finals on Friday and I'm not even half way done with one of my classes. But God can help me accomplish it.
Children with autism tend to demonstrate stereotypic behavior or repetitive behaviors when they are excited or bored.
I hope I do well in my exams even though I am quite late in starting my preparations.
The homecoming and all this is making me stressed, but when the week is over things will go back to normal.
I have a 10page paper that's not even close to being done due tomorrow I have to finish it
I’m at this point in the semester where my grades are so good, that if I fail, I’ll still pass.
Just remember that good money you'll be making at the end of your work!
I'll take a glass of wine to relax this week.
I think I'm going to take a day off from packing today to get some other errands done.
I am very smart so I will just go through with a classes and will be able to feel better afterwards.
I cannot cop a break. I'm trying, but I feel I don't get anywhere. But I have to keep trying, because I'm not the kind of person who gives up.
I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.
After graduating every stressful thing will be left behind.
When I get off my chair, I can enjoy the accumulated programming of my favorite series.
I am thankful that I have my family, my friends, my piano and music to get me through hard times.
I am emotionally and mentally exhausted, but I hope to recover soon by hanging out with my friends.
I will feel so lucky if I get VIP tickets for the Melbourne Integrative Introverts.
I've done 4 hours of math, I'm ready to pass the test!
Rain start to fall so early this morning. The view was so nice.
I have done so much work that I have almost run out of paper, shows how prepared I am.
I hope things will go fine for me. I am excited about going to college and living in Maryland next summer.
Migraines are awful but hopefully I can get some good medication for it soon.
I'm going to focus and stop procrastinating.
I hope I am able to get a car or a driving license quickly so that I can better manage my time.
The good thing about stress is I get to write and color to deal with it!
Anyone out there who can help me study? I want to do well.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight as yesterday it was not a good night for me.
I know finding a new job in Troy Ugh is hard, but it is not impossible. I will do my best to find one, as I need one .
You ever feel like applying for a job is a waste of time? Well, you shouldn't, because everyone fails sometime, and you should keep trying!
I have become an expert at planning my week down to the minute. I am so thankful I have a planner.  Without it, I have NO IDEA what my overscheduled life would be like.
Revision is not interesting especially when you don’t know anything. Hoping for the exams to get over soon.
I am going to relax all weekend and spend it with my boyfriend.
I can’t wait for the weekends I get to have a lie in and hang out with my friends, drinking.
I just need to calm down and work on stuff a little by little within the next 6 days.
Really struggling with my anxiety at the moment, might go and see a therapist.
I want to curl up with my blanket and my phone and never leave, because I'm done with school. But I have to keep going, so I'll just stop complaining.
I'm excited to start Game of Thrones and watch Lord of the Rings and rewatch Harry Potter!
Waiting till the day before papers due to finish it is bad, so next time I will start earlier like I used to.
Having to reconcile the school with various events in life, it is inevitable that I will not miss part of the classes.
This day is very worse still I try to enjoy.
I am a feel free worker, so I have many hours in my life.
I'm confused, I feel like there are things that would improve my mood like a drink, a hug, more sleeping time, or all of that.
I'm not in a good mood today but tomorrow will be a new day
Although I am sad that they don't reciprocate my feelings, I know that I can move past these feelings.
I have a lot on my mind, and I have a lot of homework to do. I have to finish that
I cannot understand the trend of drawing pictures of photographs at all.
Kinda miss the weekends when I didn't have any plans. So, I can enjoy the alone time.
Making it through this week will show me that I have the mental resources needed to cope through tough times.
I am so sore and need a massage I think I will go to get one in the future or do something relaxing.
I would be glad if somebody says about the time taken for babies to get over this separation anxiety stage, but I hope she would be better soon
After I make the decision, I will feel better.
"The nature of individual is determined by what thoughts he or she holds for a long time." MaxKirsten. Inspiring quote to remember.
My boyfriend made me mad but most of the time he is a really great person.
I am happy to survive the last 2 days. I am going to spend some time having fun.
I have a hoodie, sweatpants and three layers of blankets on, and I'm still freezing. I guess I'm going to get some delicious hot chocolate to get warmer.
I believe I have potential! I'll take a good geography test tomorrow.
Building work create a huge sound, I have to tolerate it.
It's hard to take care of a baby all by yourself and with no sleep, but that's how motherhood is like, and that's okay.
Phone isn't working. Call my new number for inquiries/emergencies
I just want to listen to Taylor Swift and take a super hot bubble bath.
School is a bit stressful. I hope to pull through the next two weeks, so that I can be happy after that.
I'm glad there are people who want to see me happy!
Omg stressed out, at work but need to be at home packing and getting ready to my travel to Singapore.
I am not very relaxed during this Christmas, I would not think it would be bad if I won a Christmas stress ball. In fact, I would appreciate it very much.
I wish I could crawl and stay in a hole to enjoy some peace of mind.
School is difficult right now, and I'm often tired, but I know I'm not the only one going through it and I will graduate soon.
Going to have to get through school today without sleep. I'll be looking forward to a nap afterward.
Not every week has to be good for me. Even when it‚Äôs that bad, I know I can move on as long as I get up.
School is a bit stressful. I hope to pull through the next two weeks, so that I can be happy after that.
Im studying hard on my history quiz so I will pass.
I want to visit somewhere where I can be alone and scream happily.
Today was a bad day, but that only means tomorrow is going to be much better!
Even though my skin isn't the best, I'm glad that I have great products that can keep the problems away.
Even though people don't always listen to me, at least I tried.
Even though I have all the finals to take it just means that soon I will be over with them.
I will read my book so I can get my head in a good space.
Exams are hard but I'm sure that everyone is having a tough time right now. I'm sure I'll start to cheer up after they're over.
I hope I go to work in a better frame of mind and have a calm shift today.
Drinking is a great way to cheer oneself. So that's on the cards tonight:)
Finals week is boring but necessary.
Oh! How I wish I could see my little brother now!
Even though shopping is sucks, on prom day I'll be beautiful
Despite the short time I am happy that I still have until Wednesday to finish my portfolio.
Waking up early on a day like this will help me finish my tasks quickly.
Waiting for my internet to speed up. #retro
I hope I come up with my future plans soon.
I shoud go out more often since I am tired to be home.
I'm going to go through these next 10 days and relax a bit once I'm done!
My husband is far away now, but at least it's not permanent.
I'm getting really busy. I have a new project to do, but it all has to be done, so I'm buckling down.
I'm dealing with a lot in order to graduate early, but I've made a commitment to myself and I know that I can do it.
I hope I go to work in a better frame of mind and have a calm shift today.
I don't need to be angry about what happened, tomorrow I won't forget my wallet
I'm not able to work, I need to find out why I'm not tired.
I am a feel free worker, so I have many hours in my life.
If I just have patience the stress that I feel will wear off eventually.
This test tomorrow is going to be challenging, but I am already 3 hours into studying, and I'm sure I can do great
My life might seem frustrating but I have decided to communicate more with and make people understand me better.
I am sure everyone is struggling on this paper although it will be finished soon
This is one of the big interviews where I feel like going for the final, but I am sure I can face victory.
The nursing program is really hard but the result when I have finished will be worth it.
When I’m sick I just feel like I have no limits to be productive.
I am glad I stuck to my diet yesterday and am on track for my diet plan although I am not feeling so good today.
can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day and relax?
I have no time for involve other people problems.
I need to organize myself and not let my chores harm me. I have a lot of things for this week and I need everything to be right.
I don’t know why I am still awake. I would be happy to get some sleep.
I have plans to get a massage after the lockdown is over and I know I will enjoy it more since I have been waiting for it.
Just remember all of this conflict will make you a better person in the end who is able to deal with anything that comes your way.
Determined to get a new job and my own house
Looking at my class schedule, I have a very challenging year ahead of me. I'll get through it with discipline and self-care though, and be proud of what I have achieved.
In 2 hours iI will be taking my second to last final and I hope to get ready by that time.
These months of August and September are being very busy, but I'm learning a lot, so that's good.
I work really long hours but it will be worth it because I can get a really nice house to live in soon.
It's a hassle to order the dress again online from topshop to collect from store tomorrow, but thank God they have the same dress.
This stress is giving me an appearance of a 13 -year old boy, but I hope my face brightens up after my visit to the salon.
Essential workers are finding it hard at the moment but everyone is so thankful for all the good they are doing in the country.
Not all parts of teaching is easy but all teachers struggle with planning and im lucky to have a good job
Life is all about choices. Sometimes they are the hardest.
This was by far the worst day ever. hope on tomorrow
I am tired and have too much homework. I hope to finish it soon and relax in my bed.
I am feeling sick, and I hope this day or atleast the morning would end soon.
This is a good opportunity to find something new to help me de-stress today.
I hope the game ends soon so that I don't get my heart in too much trouble.
I have endless opportunities for what I want to do in life.
I know God challenges us with things we must overcome, but it would be great to let some breaks in inbetween.
There is a lot to get done this week, so I will have to manage my time wisely.
The next door neighbors need to be more courteous as they are too noisy. It would be even better if they move out.
I am a hardworking person. God gives strength, patience, understanding all of the above for me.
Even though more gets added to my plate, I have the strength to deal with it all.
I should learn to not get so stressed out over exams because it makes things worse.
I would be happy if someone helps me to make a decision in my life.
Post secondary in Manitoba doesn't hold up to my standards. I'm seriously considering moving back to Ontario. If that's what it takes for me to thrive, I'll do it.
Every effort applied until late is to be productive
Trying to figure out next semesters classes is a lot harder than I thought it would be, but I'm confident it's going to be okay in the end of all.
My mind is tired from thinking so much, but I know that making a few decisions will make everything better.
I need to surround myself with people who care about me.
I think I am overloading my brain with many to-do lists, which is taking off my sleep. I must do something to balance.
Even with the situation in court, I am happy to see my ex / father of my baby.
Nursing school is really hard. But I have to be strong, and keep studying, because that's about my whole future.
I have been working really hard with school, so I am going to be able to have a good career and to top it off I will reward myself with a nice holiday.
Looking at my class schedule, I have a very challenging year ahead of me. I'll get through it with discipline and self-care though, and be proud of what I have achieved.
Stress is just to wake up my mind, so I can get back to my focus
Though I am sad that I cannot sit peacefully at home, I am grateful that I have a home.
I have not made any videos which is stressful, but I am getting on new vids ASAP!
According to The American Institute Of Stress Over 90% of disease is caused or complicated by stress. People have to find means to relieve their stress.
Another day off. I haven't worked since friday, because work has gotten slow. I'll relax and enjoy my free time.
It's Christmas, and I'm not going anywhere nor do I have anything to look forward to - except loneliness. Maybe that helps!
Present wrapping is a bit tiring at 1 a.m Christmas morning, but the thought of the smile in the receivers’ face subdues all the tiredness.
The meeting ended in both of us crying. But I'm tough, so I stood my ground, and expressed my opinion about the situation.
Thankfully, I haven't gotten any junk mail in the last week and a half. But soon I should be getting a package!
I've been crying a lot lately which means I'm becoming stronger and stronger.
Recognizing that stopping complaining is a good thing is rewarding
Need to look at how I spend my $500 pay check every month and see where I can make some savings so it lasts longer than a week.
My plans usually don’t work out which is the reason for my stress. But this too shall pass and I shall succeed in everything.
I guess a lot of people are unsure about what to do with their life like me.
I am eagerly awaiting to finish uni in the next couple of weeks and improve my health.
I'm all done with my homework, and soon I'll be all done with my run so I can relax!
If it's bad today, I need to learn it as a lesson. I have three tests today and have not studied anything. I need to be more responsible and keep my commitments or go bad in tests will become routine.
Using my free time after work to do important things. Go me
I need to overcome this urge, texting you is not good for me at all.
Colleges should really look at how must stuff is required for applicants.
I don’t like the biggest athletic story of the year breaking before the finals.
I've been stuck in traffic, and I am only halfway to work. I hope the traffic clears up, and I reach there on time.
For the next couple of days without mental break down that will be awesome.
I wish Monday will arrive soon, so that this weekend will be over.
Dreams are just dreams so I should not give them much importance.
School is difficult but it will get better as time go by.
I'm glad I get to spend a few days at home with my mom who can look after me.
There is a lot of work for the next ten days before I move in, but I am quite enthusiastic about the new place.
This is one of the big interviews where I feel like going for the final, but I am sure I can face victory.
Getting away from people instead of shouting at them is something I do because I am smart.
So much going on in this little head of mine, I'm trying to understand myself!
I had a difficult day and now to end the day I can't get to sleep, but I'll take this opportunity to think about the things I can be thankful for.
Can't wait to get my pet and dress him for halloween! He will be so cute!
I’m so lucky to have money saved up, so I don’t have to worry about work.
I actually cried infront of people today, but in the end I know letting these emotions are a good thing
While not looking for a definitive solution to my nervousness, I will continue biting my nails and feeling this pain.
I am determined to pass my driving test this time since my theory test runs out the day after.  I have been eagerly waiting two months for this test ever since my last test was cancelled.
Crying in a lecture is a result of all the university stress, but it has transformed me into a better person.
Stress is hitting me but I will find a way to manage it.
At least after everything I will be moving into another place so I will have a fresh start.
Even though I can't find my passport, I'm confident it will show up in time.
Been feeling quite the past few days have to discover.
I have been so busy lately but it feels good to have things to do.
Today is going to be an amazing and productive day!
Going to treat myself to an amazing cup of Chia tea.
Yes, people can be annoying sometimes.  Have a lot of fun, and you'll probably forget all about anything that is bothering you.
Although I miss my boyfriend today, I am sure that I will have a great time when he is back tomorrow.
I need to find out why this bad feeling in my stomach or I will be feeling this way for a long time.
I hope to be back to my tweeting days after I am done with my exam in the next few days.
I don't like thinking about the future because I don't know what I'm going to do next, I prefer living in the present.
Even though my life is very stressful right now, I will get to enjoy a little relaxation when I'm done on May 11th.
I don’t like it when teachers assign books and when they do, I hope they don’t expect us to read it in a couple of days.
I had an amazing dream about getting a big role on broadway maybe it will come true.
My body is telling me I'm stressed with an infected eye and giant cold sore, I need to take better care of myself so I can get through this ok.
Summer will be here soon, and that's no homework for months!
I didn't eat properly today, but I'm sure tomorrow I'll feel better and eat.
It would be lovely to have a spa day soon to pamper myself.
Been a tough day but it’s only Monday so things will get better.
So proud of myself for carrying on studying even though it got late.
Just take a deep breath and relax.  You'll figure it out eventually, and then your life will turn out great.
December is BUSY. Stressed but satisfied
Banking in London can be a nightmare, but it’s not that big a deal everyone has these struggles.
Can't wait to go to Florida and start my holidays with a drink in my hand.
I would love to be done with the weekend so that I can get some peace of mind and rest during the weekday when I work one job a day.
I think everything worked out, I hope to have good news on Monday.
It is normal to be worried about growing the hair.
Feeling the domination of that final. I have to be concentrate.
Finally, off work, now I can relax and prepare myself for tomorrow!
So much studying and work to do but this week will be over eventually.
Time to learn to balance between studying for my exam and working this weekend.
The next few weeks are going to be really hard but I know that I will grow from them.
I know that I can't wait till 1st April, but I have no choice actually, the waiting makes it more exciting.
Things seem to be going wrong at the same time, but I hope it will change for the better.
Sometimes I dread that this semester may in fact kill me, but I know I will survive it and hope that things will be better next semester
Too much to do for next week so, I have to prepare myself for that
At least my cat will be getting better soon so my restless sleeps will be blissful soon.
Things that are part of a bad day: Taking the blame for something you didn't do. But whatever: l
There are a lot of inconsiderate drivers that drive slow in the outside lane, and it really bothers me.
I am lucky to have gone years without a bloody nose.
I'm sorry for any rude actions I have today but I appreciate all the people that still gave time to talk to me.
I am going to do some yoga, it's going to help me reduce the stress.
I need to use a calendar and notification system to avoid forgetting about important tests.
There are lots of ways to cope with your stress.
I'm quite certain of what to do for the rest of my life.
The media coursework is so tough, but I'll study hard and get through it successfully!
Drinking is a great way to cheer oneself. So that's on the cards tonight:)
It is great to have options for choosing my university.
Maybe if I buy them both they will both be good
so many things to do I have to dedicate myself more to be free. I know it will pass soon I just need to concentrate
I don't have much patience to watch movies
My to-do list before I start to Mexico is long, but I am very sure that I can finish it.
I hope to finish my sketchbook today as I have a long way to go.
A good way for England to win is to find a way to get Suarez out of the game.
My schedule has been packed lately, and want to chill out. However, soon this will be over, and I'll be free.
I don't like making big decisions that I know will impact the rest of my life, but I understand It's part of the process of growing up and moving forward.
Sometimes I dread that this semester may in fact kill me, but I know I will survive it and hope that things will be better next semester
July is coming, I am glad that, in June, my boys are able to socialize at these HS team camps; to meet friends, practice basketball, and improve for their school year.
My iPhone broke again, I really like Apple phones, but this one is letting me down
But I am so very excited to get married!
I got so much to do this weekend, so I should do more than sleep.
I'm glad I have something like Call of Duty to always make me feel better.
Stress is just to wake up my mind, so I can get back to my focus
The amount of work I have to do this week motivates me to complete it.
I follow the correct rules in my life, so my parents give freedom in my life
I'm glad I took exams to find out soon how to treat my shoulder
The hard times for me are teaching me that I shouldn’t depend on anyone to be happy.
Despite I've broken down about 3 times, a few more hours and I can recover my money
I hope I am in a better frame of mind soon and look forward to more productive days.
Today is a good day to just lay on the bed and rest; once I'm rested I can start sorting all the emotions I'm currently feeling, maybe some will even go away.
A solo trip to a far-away place sounds like a great idea to rejuvenate myself:)
A solo trip to a far-away place sounds like a great idea to rejuvenate myself:)
I should have looked up the hours the bank was open, so I could have cashed my check.
These rats will be kill soon and then I will be able to sleep.
I'm finishing my college work, soon everything will be back to normal.
I am behind as I didn't do my lab report for BioChem today. Hope to finish it tonight.
I'm getting organized so that everything runs smoothly throughout the week.
If you are a student and not doing well with FinalsWeek? don't worry, we take care of everything for you.
I need to take a bit and reset my mental and gain confidence back into myself. School and work has been a toll on me.
I need to start working earlier on my homework assignments in order to submit the same on time.
I got everything I need written down, now I just have to edit it down to the right length.
Being part of a job is a team effort
Having to reconcile the school with various events in life, it is inevitable that I will not miss part of the classes.
Working and going to college is getting me tired. Can't wait to get a good night of sleep later.
Knowing this day is the worst only means that all the other ones have been so amazing.
I am feeling rough today, and I am worried about tomorrow, but I know I can do it.
Colorado's residents drive pretty bad, but at least I'm moving out of state soon.
Even though my grades are not good, I am committed to improving these grades.
I'm not confident about my math test, getting a D on the quiz past backed, wasn't encouraging. But I'm a resilient person, so I have to trust myself and get it done.
I have the positive in laying down.
When I’m done with my work, I will feel so accomplished!
This year had ups and downs for me, but anyway I am awaiting its end, as I can start a fresh new year.
It would be great to have a couple of days of free time so that I can clear my head and get into a better frame of mind.
As I don’t feel good with much work to do, a good sleep would freshen me up.
I woke up feeling sick but I am trying to wake up a bit and feel better.
I have a lot of tension on my shoulders but I will be able to handle it since I am strong.
I don't know how I can study for these exams but hopefully with some help I can figure it out.
If y'all are stressed, do not worry you just need a total body transformation!
My insomnia has been pretty bad lately but I'm glad I can still function.
I hope the coming days bring better luck and I get out of this slump very soon.
Carter is being a little difficult tonight. Broke both of his brand-new remote control monster trucks, let's see if I can make him calm down.
A taxi is the best option in view of the imminent closure of transport in London
I'm a pharmacy technician with a partial criminal justice degree. I'm sure I can find a creative way to combine all the skills I've learned.
Time to learn how to organize, so that way I don't miss any more tests or quizzes.
Having a week off work let me get work done on many other things.
It will be better if I go downstairs and sleep now as otherwise it would take a long time for me to fall asleep.
I'm feeling totally prepared for tomorrow's Psychology exam!
I must go to school properly.
I am scared to become a driver, but I know I can learn to become a better driver.
I am really looking forward to the end of this week, then I can relax and celebrate my regular routine!
It is normal to be stressed at work but nothing a breath of fresh air cannot solve.
Every effort applied until late is to be productive
Looking forward to some drinks at the pub.
My parents talk behind each other's back sometimes, but at least they love each other and have been together for so long.
Someone will decide for me if I won't.
Despite the difficulties at school, when I get home I'll be able to play with my cat and rest
I hope I get a few hours of sleep before morning so that I don't wake up with a headache.
Finals on Friday and I'm not even half way done with one of my classes. But God can help me accomplish it.
Looking at my bank account balance gives me the motivation to work hard and get out of debt.
I am really exhausted but after a break I will be up and ready to go again.
I've been very optimist about my final exam even though I'm nervous
It's hard when you're mentally, and physically tired, and can't sleep. Also, when you're hungry but can't eat. But I'm sure these things will pass, and I'll be okay.
Although I don't want school to end, I know that I need it.
Relaxing in the tub makes me stressfree and I am enjoying it.
I don't like thinking about the future because I don't know what I'm going to do next, I prefer living in the present.
I value the time spent with my friends this summer, and I enjoy the summer experiences I do have with friends more when I ignore the clock and cherish every moment of time.
The first three weeks of classes have been tough, but I'm confident that if I can make it through these past few weeks, I can make it through anything.
I cried for an hour tonight. It feels good to let go of stressful feelings.
I'm feeling sad with the events in my life.  I am glad I am alive though and loved.
I need to find someone new to drive, someone who can help my mental better.
At least it will be over soon.
I feel bad when I get annoyed, but I try best to overcome it.
Even thought I'm stressed out, I'm pretty sure everything will be ok and I will come out of it stronger!
Sometimes I dread that this semester may in fact kill me, but I know I will survive it and hope that things will be better next semester
Kind of started yelling at the TV when I got bad at Fifa. But it's just a game, I forget all about it when I'm done.
This apartment doesn't feel like home yet, but I'm sure in a few days it will be different
I can't wait to be finished with the next 5 days so that I can have a relaxing thanksgiving break.
I am ready for an amazing holiday I think I will go somewhere tropical with people who also want that.
I have a speech and history paper due which I have’nt started yet, but hope to finish on time.
3 test tmrw 1 Friday is really tough, but the teachers have made us revise all the portions by giving tests back to back.
There was a shoot out in my neighborhood. I am thankful that I am safe.
Buying a house might be complicated but then at least I will have my own house.
I am going to sleep earlier when I have to wake up early.
so many things to do I have to dedicate myself more to be free. I know it will pass soon I just need to concentrate
I feel like my life could be a little more organized if I didn’t depend so much on PLL.
I know that the test results are going to be positive for me!
Being stressed is terrible. Thankfully I have softball to look forward to.
Summer will be here soon, and that's no homework for months!
My life will get better if I just move on.
Moving to Florida will be awesome having Carsyn by my side
I can't wait to get out of this town to start a semi new life, It will be a great chance to start over and meet new people.
He broke a promise to do something. Maybe, he had some problems I have to ask him
Today is not my best day, I must concentrate on trying to stay
I wish to learn this presentation that I have been trying to learn all day somehow or the other.
I am nervous about the history exam tomorrow, so I am going to stay up late tonight to study.
I was worried about my wedding dress, but I'll get some sleep, and just relax about it.
Going to get some sleep and wake up early, look over my study guides again, and then go take the midterms. I'm sure I'll do great.
My school give me too much work but, it will soon be over when summer start!
I hope things turn around soon in my life and I get to do some things right.
I feel like I need some time to myself, but I'm glad spring break is coming up and everything will be fine.
I am certain that I will miss my flight, but I hope I get a new one soon after this traffic clears.
Finals on Friday and I'm not even half way done with one of my classes. But God can help me accomplish it.
I'll take a glass of wine to relax this week.
I am having a headache because of the long to- do list. I wish we could stop and get sorted.
It's during these unsettling times matters in life
The work week hasn't been great, but hopefully tomorrow is better
Wish I was back in Portsmouth already. Hate being in Basingstoke and at work I think I get used to it.
I am stressed from work and the responsibilities of overseeing the flow of millions of dollars but it feels powerful to be in this position.
Now I'm fine with myself, that person in a bad mood wasn't me.
It's hard to take care of a baby all by yourself and with no sleep, but that's how motherhood is like, and that's okay.
The one day I finally have time to read
I don't know what's wrong today. I'm stressed and could just really use a hug. Hopefully after a good night's sleep and tomorrow will be a better day!
I feel like drinking two hours after waking up, but I know I can resist the urge.
Hey Soph I hope your Uni dissertation went well! Cant wait to catch up soon x
If I make an effort to work on my interpersonal skills, I'll be able to communicate better and more clearly with a variety of people, which will help me connect with others.
I wish I get a good night's sleep so that all the thoughts in my mind go away so that I get a clean slate tomorrow morning.
I am eagerly awaiting to finish class, drive home and get some good sleep.
This stress is weighing down on me, and I am going to get an appointment from a therapist to resolve my problem
Don't feel like I know enough to sit this chemistry exam tomorrow and pass it, hope this is only asienty
Molecular cell will give me the certain to a bio major
It's going to be really impressive when I am able to spell all of these long and complicated words.
After my final is over tomorrow, I will take a long nap and rejuvenate.
I know I will get the break I deserve soon, I'm working really hard.
My hour and a half journey home is very challenging!
Ouch, it feels like everything is hitting at once. I'm sure things will look better tomorrow.
Volunteered for a christening party. Planning decorations!
People should be more polite when entering and leaving my room.
I have a lot on my mind, and I have a lot of homework to do. I have to finish that
The process of owning a home is daunting, but this won't be forever.
I am pretty sure I will have soon a dog or cat which I can hold and take care of it.
Since I feel unwanted I'm going to go out and find some new friends who will appreciate me.
This day makes me feel warm enough to share with my mom and my cat.
Almost complete with studying for the first exam. I hope the rest of them are easier to get through.
Tomorrow I’ll use it to study for exams because I won’t go to school.
For the next couple of days without mental break down that will be awesome.
I think taking regular english would have been a good idea to complete my education and graduate.
I feel sorry that I am not able to understand you right now, but I would like to solve your problem.
Apple have left me feeling cheated but at least now I know to switch to a different retailer.
Thats a difficult situation but I can see the funny side
I would love to be done with this week so that I can have a fresh start next week.
I can't wait to sit back and have a lovely glass of wine and chocolate after an annoying day.
These Korean dramas aren't making me feel good. I should stop watching them.
After sleeping well this week, my days will be better
I have to learn that I'm not always going to do what people expect of me
I'm tired and have a lot to do, but at least tomorrow will be better.
I'm happy that most of my days are good
I need to figure out ways to make my life easy and carefree.
I am a hardworking person. God gives strength, patience, understanding all of the above for me.
I cannot wait to get home driving from vegas so that I can enjoy a good night's sleep in my own bed.
I hope the efforts I have put into studying English will allow me to pass the exams.
I've learned that this is a terrible bank! I will use another one
Going to get a good night sleep tonight, so I am up refreshed and ready for tomorrow.
This was the best sleep I've had in years.
Books for next semester are so expensive. I should budget accordingly
Better time management during the week will help me plan birthdays, holidays etc. smoothly.
I've spent 43 hours in the library this week, and I know I will see this pay off in my grades.
I am about to finish my exams next week, and it will feel so good!
I would love to get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can have a fresh start tomorrow.
Hopelessly waiting is so typical for a Monday.
16 -minute delay to Heathrow T5 is not a good thing today as I have a flight to catch.
As soon as I find my NI card I can call tax credits about my renewal pack.
There is a fussy boy on this bus ride to Merthyr.
I need a hot bubble bath and a cold drink. To relieve the stress.
I have so much I need to do, I can't wait until I finish everything and can finally relax
It took me an hour in a half to complete two job applications online. It's very long, but I'm sure it's going to worth it.
Two weeks today until holiday! im really happy to get in the plane
I missed the day of school work, but I willeasily make it up.
Going to make it through the next week and a half no matter what!
The week was stressful but luckily I will rest on the weekend
Students trying to write papers and essays tonight easily.
I am more productive when I make "to do" lists
I will ask for feedback before I proceed with this.
Life is going so fast that there's a long time I don't sleep early.
I must send an owl to Hermione Granger to complete my work.
I'm excited to choose my courses for the upcoming school year!
I'm pretty sure my Gossip Girl disc will appear sooner or later, no point on stressing out.
I have to focus on my goals to get to where I want I can't ever give up
Been a pretty tough couple of days, basically had to refit the entire electric boat with new equipment. On the bright side learned all I need to prepare for any related emergencies now.
I am very stressed but it will get better with some time alone.
Tomorrow would be a tiring day for me. But it would be good progress and I will be done with a few of my tests.
I seriously need better time management to complete tasks on hand and prepare well for tests.
I need to prepare myself mentally as the next weeks will be long. I sent my application for athletic training and I want to do my best.
Recruitment system is down so have to print over a 100 applications! I hope to finish it soon and enjoy my Friday.
The next door neighbors need to be more courteous as they are too noisy. It would be even better if they move out.
I love going to the gym.  It really helps me relieve the stress in my life, especially the punching bag!
It is normal to cry. Everyone has a bad day and I know there are going to be a lot of questions at work but this is normal. It shows that they care about me.
To each person who stated senior 12 months is the easiest, thank you for lying. I don't like you.
Anyone want to come hug?
Wish I'd have stayed at home a little longer than just one hour, but that's past, and now I'll focus on the present.
I actually managed to cross everything off this weekend's to -do list! Next week's to -do list is long, but I am sure I can do it.
I thought my last test was terrible.
Once winter break starts I'll be able to relax and hang with my friends.
No more essays for me tonight. Feeling so creative that I'm surely going to go over the word count
Work again tomorrow but after going to the pool to relax, can't wait!
I need to keep in mind it's only four more days of intense studying, assignments and little sleep, then I can relax and feel like I did well.
When it comes to packing for trips I get anxious and I have to check and recheck all my stuff about 10 times. On the bright side i never forget anything.
Treating your own pet as a vet is really a tough job, but glad that there is a possibility of sorting out the problem and treating it on time.
Too many things are going on with the finals following behind. I ‘ve put in hard work and hope to reap the benefits.
Looking at my class schedule, I have a very challenging year ahead of me. I'll get through it with discipline and self-care though, and be proud of what I have achieved.
Some tobacco and a walk in the wilderness would be a good source of relaxation for me.
I get to relax a bit at cheer and then dedicate my time to something I love doing, awesome!
I completed my homework today, I'm so thankfull!
This day will be over before I know, I just need to go through it, and then I will be able to relax at home!
I spent practically all of my break studying bio and chemistry study material
I am sure everyone is struggling on this paper although it will be finished soon
I think taking regular english would have been a good idea to complete my education and graduate.
I would love to be done with tomorrow's exam so that I can enjoy a good nights sleep afterwards.
I am hoping things would go right hereafter as I am tired of it.
It might be difficult to pay this month's rent as my sister has cleared out the bank account but I hope both of us are in a better place in a the coming months.
It's really hard to find good dresses for a winter ball, I want to look the best I can!
I will set up a schedule and organize what needs to be done
Although I don't have a lot of money, I'm really going to focus on improving my financial situation!
It's still 10 am and i strangely already very tired, I need to see what's wrong with me.
I sometimes want to quit school, but I know if I continue to try hard it will all be worth it!
I can't wait till exams are over so that I can get some rest and enjoy the rest from all the work I put in.
I can't wait to get a good night's sleep so that tomorrow turns out better than today.
I think I'm going to take a day off from packing today to get some other errands done.
When I come back from my Twitter break, I would love a warm welcome!
I hope to get someone to cheer me up to change my bad mood.
I love having a bay window and am so lucky, but it lets water in so hopefully I can get it fixed.
I have a lot of assignments due this week, not to mention finals next week. But I'll do my best, and I'm confident I'll do well.
My group is not putting in the effort they should, this is a chance for me to develop leadership qualities.
Time to learn to balance between studying for my exam and working this weekend.
Trying to figure out next semesters classes is a lot harder than I thought it would be, but I'm confident it's going to be okay in the end of all.
A very challenging semester, full of learning!
The secret to better eyesight is to manage your stress levels better.
I need to focus on what's important now and forget about those strange feelings.
Sometimes I want to walk away, and give up on all of this. But I'm better than this, so I'll keep going.
I did such an amazing job at my grandmothers house chasing off those guys, I'm proud.
I'm working so hard on my finals I know that this will help me grow and prepare me for my career.
I hope the efforts I have put into studying English will allow me to pass the exams.
After I am done studying for these four finals, I can finally rest.
I hope I am finished with my day quickly so that I can go home and get a good night's sleep
Tried to go to sleep 3 hours ago, I keep trying!
The next few weeks will be hectic and full of activities that I like
I have a bad car now but soon I will be able to get a new one.
I will not procrastinate and watch GOT after I'm done with my work.
I feel really frustrated at the moment with FAFSA but I know that I'll get some help if I ask.
I hope I can take some time out so that I can channel my anger in the right direction and get some peace of mind.
We got to stand outside and kinda just hang out, sure it was cold, but were bundled up and getting paid to hang out and get to know one another.
Wake up to an email saying you have a job due today that you thought would be Thursday and be grateful that you read the email on time!
Skipping a work-out day to concentrate on my math homework, is hard work, but I can do it.
When you're stressed, don't look on the back but think positively towards the future.
I only have one page left to write of my paper which makes me so happy.
That test was really tough, but that was a good experience for me.
I know I'll make it until Friday, I believe in my strength.
I'm sick but I know I'll be better soon and can start my studies then!
I'm glad my professor gave us all the tools to complete this project in class last week
Not looking forward to work in 7 hours and would feel better if I take a day off on Friday.
I was able to meet a couple of fascinating people today when a few #229 busses didn't show up (in a row!). Thanks to some slow service, I might have made a new friend.
Life may suck right now, but I know this pain is just temporary, and life will be better soon.
Even though I have a lot on my plate, I'm confident that I can handle all of it.
Two years in and school is proving to be quite the challenge.
Really nervous about tomorow but I’m sure it will go okay.
Only 12 days until I find a house and can relax!
I have to face my problem strongly.
Tommorow will be a difficult test but I will pass it with some effort!
I should create my own chance to get work.
I cannot understand the trend of drawing pictures of photographs at all.
Need to up my game before it is time for exams.
The bus is late already by 15 mins. I hope the traffic clears up.
A very challenging semester, full of learning!
Going to get some sleep and wake up early, look over my study guides again, and then go take the midterms. I'm sure I'll do great.
I hope I am finished with my day quickly so that I can go home and get a good night's sleep
I hope I can quickly finish the 8 exams I have lined up for this week so that I can have some peace of mind.
I will learn how to earn my own money! I will work hard and achieve it!
As I don’t feel good with much work to do, a good sleep would freshen me up.
Eventually the rain will go away and I'll be able to use the pool.
I've got so used to the vacations... Can't wait for the next! Let's work!
Have to make it through these last weeks of school because I can't wait until summer!
I'm disappointed in myself that I forgot about my exam today and wasn't able to take it.  I know I can do better in the future and just need to become more organized.
Sometimes, you feel crazy eating both packed lunch and dinner for lunch due to exam time hunger.
I'm thankful that the end is near and that I have worked so hard to accomplish my goals.
Haven't got in contact with radiohead yet but I'm going to keep trying and I will manage it soon.
Even though you get tons of homework at the end of the school year, I'm just thankful that it's almost over.
Even though I've had a rough day, I know that I have the strength to handle all of it.
Sometimes I appear mighty like the ocean but there are times like today when I feel like sinking in it. There are ups and downs in everyone’s life.
Having a full time job while taking classes is a lot of work, but it will definitely pay off once I finish my degree.
I feel like drinking two hours after waking up, but I know I can resist the urge.
I'm STILL procrastinating right nowI get angry with my own self yet Here I am aaaaaaah
I must learn to be more proactive. I must avoid last minute submission like yesterday, where I was attempting to submit 10 pieces of work the night before deadline day.
Even though we don’t have the same definition of affection, these last years of friendship I had with you, I really value them.
I have been having a heavy mind lately, but I am fighting hard to get through it as I strongly believe that this too will pass.
I know that if I let myself think about what others expect me to do for them, then I will be happy and work on myself.
Being able to drive down a dirt road, with the windows down, and the music cranked is the best way to end your day!
I am awake after sleeping for 4 hours and I will not be happy to see my parents leave early, but I hope to get a chance to meet them again soon.
I know I can handle what this week has in store for me, no matter how it starts off!
Finals week is boring but necessary.
Graduation is nearing, and I am not able to decide what I want to do. Hope God will help me in my decision.
All the waiting will come to an end next week. I just hope for a positive result.
Another sleepless night with my boy, I'm tired but I love being a mother.
I have a 10page paper that's not even close to being done due tomorrow I have to finish it
I really messed up my case study paper, but it could be worse
I cried for an hour tonight. It feels good to let go of stressful feelings.
I prioritize my education, and that's something I like about myself.
I am excited to do my exams and assignments to raise my grades up.
Once the week is over, I’ll be back to rest from it all.
Finding my peace away from everyone is something I value very much.
Being a parent is harder than I thought it would be, but I'm grateful I have my children.
I hope I find my purse soon improving my day today.
Flat tire, wasp stings, traffic wardens, broken tree branches have made my day a bit tough, but I feel some alcohol would lift my spirits up.
I've got a lot on my plate. I'm going to get some advice on how to manage my time.
Making it through this week will show me that I have the mental resources needed to cope through tough times.
This whole week to pass the semester just leaves me a path to success.
The next door neighbors need to be more courteous as they are too noisy. It would be even better if they move out.
I hope I find a way to pay back my school debt as soon as possible.
Thank goodness, I'm done with work for the day! I have a lot to look forward to, with another baby, a new house, and a wedding in the next year!
I have so much work to do, and I am sick. I hope to continue after a medication relieves me.
I’m at this point in the semester where my grades are so good, that if I fail, I’ll still pass.
The school could be stressful, and I will not miss this part of it, but I feel grateful to have the opportunity to study.
I made complaints about my first hospital stay. Hopefully, the 2nd time, I won't have the same problems.
Your customer service really needs to be improved, I haven't been able to talk to anyone in the phone all day
When I figure next year out, I will be very satisfied.
Only 12 days until I find a house and can relax!
I have had a hard time with things going wrong recently, I deserve a nice long break.
Another university work completed! I'll finish the third year soon!
Only 12 days until I find a house and can relax!
Really stressed at the moment but I know that this will pass and I'll get everything sorted out.
Whenever I am stressed my mom makes me cookies which is nice.
Having work email on my cell phone helps me to be more aware of my appointments, the only problem and the large amount of emails that arrive at any time of the day.
Finals week is boring but necessary.
Gudmorning Everyone!!!! Even though my day gets worse every second, I hope you all have a great day and tomorrow will be better for me!
Though this is the last class of the day I feel I have lots to do, but I can very well finish it on time.
Crying in a lecture is a result of all the university stress, but it has transformed me into a better person.
Even though I can't sleep, I'm thankful I at least have a job to go to in the mornings.
I'm sorry for any rude actions I have today but I appreciate all the people that still gave time to talk to me.
I am really excited to be getting married.
Thank god for giving me the strength to make it through this stressful week, and soon I will be able to rest in my bed.
I have to keep myself strong at this point, it will be a challenge not to be sick with my parents' divorce and my problems together. But I have to be strong at that moment.
Because I spent a long time studying it means I will be a better person and more knowledgeable.
Packing is never fun but soon I'll be on vacation, and then I can have a good time!
By being an adult I know that I can make my own decisions and improve my life!
Got home at 6 and started again at 7. Got only 7 hours of sleep. Hope to improvise my sleep schedule.
I have been stressed latley I might talk to a therapist
I’m happier when I don’t let anyone else bother me when I’m in a good mood.
I spent practically all of my break studying bio and chemistry study material
I'm perfectly able to ignore my cell phone rings all the time.
Hope I could play golf which could relieve my stress and relax me.
I hope to be rewarded in the future by excessive working.
My immune system is working very hard to combat this disease and I thank you.
I hope things will go fine for me. I am excited about going to college and living in Maryland next summer.
I'm disappointed in myself that I forgot about my exam today and wasn't able to take it.  I know I can do better in the future and just need to become more organized.
I should change myself.
I love to enjoy the comfort of my bed
I'm tired, but I have work to do, and I know I'm strong enough to finish it!
I might have trouble keeping my shit together for now, but one day I think it will all work out.
I wanted to do homeschooling, because I dont like going to school. But I'm tough, so I'll stop thinking abou this, and I'll get over it.
When I start my vacation I'll be happier than right now
It's going to be really impressive when I am able to spell all of these long and complicated words.
An hour and a half to go, and it's time for spring break!
A lot of things are piling up for me to do, but at least I know what they are and just need to devise a plan to chew through it.
I am looking forward to the weekend to freak out with friends and get my mind relaxed.
I have so much work to do, and I'm in A&E with my brother, we will be seen soon, and I can get on with my work
Having a week off work let me get work done on many other things.
I have the wrong size shoes but I know I can run and get some new ones and return these.
This is my last week at home and I have so much to do before 4 days. I hope I will succeed.
Time to learn not to bother myself with any form of drama.
I hope I will pass with at least a, b, or b- grades as lower grades would upset me.
Im super motivated to get in shape after gaining some weight.
I know that I will do well in my exam, as I'm preparing really hard for it.
There is a lot to get done this week, so I will have to manage my time wisely.
I feel so relaxed over the two exams that will take place in two weeks.
Even though you get tons of homework at the end of the school year, I'm just thankful that it's almost over.
I should stop procrastinating and get my work done as soon as I can.
I hope my family members change for the better and get along well with me.
Someone help me with my life because I don't know what to do. I know talking to you people will clear my head a bit.
Kids usually eat stuff without thinking if others want to eat too so it's normal.
Big week this week, but I have survived it! Now I need to catch up on my sleep and then I will be able to manage next week much better.
The media coursework is so tough, but I'll study hard and get through it successfully!
Even though I'm stressed about school, I'm just glad that I have the means to keep moving forward to succeed with it.
Off to work 3-10 then 7am tomorrow then long weekend abroad vacation! I am so happy and eager to spend all this time for myself.
This job hunt stresses me a bit, but I am looking forward to having a break with my dudes.
I'm sick but nothing a break with a long sleep can't fix.
My skin is usually so good, I am lucky, I know it will get better again.
E's tired. Will he do anything but scream? Nope. Moms and dads we are the true heroes
Unable to talk to the one person you want to talk to. Maybe you should just go and make it happen!
I'm not able to work, I need to find out why I'm not tired.
I have woken up with a headache on finals’ day, but I hope things go fine.
I am just going to laugh instead of crying about this question.
I would be glad when I am finished with this class that has nothing to do with my major.
Even though it's hard to study in my room because of the distractions, luckily there's a library next to me that is open twenty-four hours.
My stress improves when I sleep well!
I would be happy to get a hug.
I'm stressed out, but I know it's normal. I need to look for things to feel better.
Had a bad day today. All I need is a back rub, and some tea, and I'll be fine.
Deadlines are never fun but once I get this done I can go out and have some fun with my friends.
It's 2am. I might not sleep tonight, but at least I can take a nap tomorrow.
I can't wait to finish my Finals quickly so that I can work peacefully.
School is a great place to learn, I'm so excited about the future.
We got to stand outside and kinda just hang out, sure it was cold, but were bundled up and getting paid to hang out and get to know one another.
I am not satisfied with my relationship with my manager. I value respect, and I know that I can work toward mutual respect.
I thank God for having many work opportunities, despite not having many rest days I know I can earn money on these 16 days of vacation.
The game I just watched was so exciting!  I love watching them play all the time!
I'm trying to get myself ready for the next 4 weeks.
I love going to the gym.  It really helps me relieve the stress in my life, especially the punching bag!
My sister is in hospital, I have done such a good looking-after her.
He was trying to talk to me this time, and I was not answering him properly
I'm so thankful to have my Dad, he heard me crying on the phone for 20 minutes and his company calmed me down!
I am feeling sick, and I hope this day or atleast the morning would end soon.
I feel like I need some time to myself, but I'm glad spring break is coming up and everything will be fine.
I keep myself busy with household chores to avoid overthinking and diverting myself to doing things that make me happy.
I wish I was done with the next couple of weeks so that I can have more peace of mind.
My head hurts a little, but I am so dedicated to this project that I just can't stop
I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.
I hope the nap I took will give me a second wind soon.
I have reached 5 pages, 1500 words and 4 sources in less than 25 hours!
I sleep like 12 hours over the past three nights which is good because I don't feel exhausted in exam hall
My stress improves when I sleep well!
Well stressed and thinking well it's the perfect opportunity for art and poetry. Imagine how many works I can create with this feeling!
Looking for some guidance while I figure out what to do in life
Determined to get a new job and my own house
I am sorry about having a cold sore and a massive spot on my face, but I am sure it would clear up in the coming week.
I hope things turn out good for my college.
I will try to schedule my classes soon.
It's been a hot and tiring day, but I'm thankful it's over because I'm really looking forward to resting.
there is lot of think that will help you relieve your stress!
External agents shouldn‚Äôt have the power to make me so upset
My baby was being a little stubborn, but no matter hard-headed she can be right now, I know she'll end up being a great girl
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can get things done quickly.
The unexpected revisions only make me think that I have to keep working to save more.
The real-life frustrations are just like the romantic unfulfilled love
Today is a two cup of coffee type of day. I'm lucky the coffee shop on the corner is so close.
The meeting ended in both of us crying. But I'm tough, so I stood my ground, and expressed my opinion about the situation.
I'm glad the breaktime has arrived
I have no time for involve other people problems.
I'm sure this weather will let up eventually and everything will be nice and calm.
Preparing my cups of tea for my long night!
Passing through all stages of grief is very difficult, but I believe that time can heal anything.
Really hoping the thing will be better and I dont have to cancel my birthday trip.
I've done 4 hours of math, I'm ready to pass the test!
I am almost finished filling out my forms and finding all of this information.
A cup of chamomile tea with a dash of honey is sure to soothe your senses and refresh you:)
I will think more before telling something important to my mom.
Even though you get tons of homework at the end of the school year, I'm just thankful that it's almost over.
There's a number in my phone book that I don't know who it is, if you read this message me!
I love buying things, it's the best. Shopping is hard work but it's worth it.
Under Pressure? We understand. It can be a challenge working that way. We can help you.  entrepreneur.
I look forward to the day I am out of my current situation and can have a new start.
Giving up smoking is a really tough thing to do but I will be so much healthier once I’ve mastered this.
I have a clash in my university timetable but I'm sure it won't take much effort to change.
Even though I don't know what to every, I am glad to be going out on Saturday.
My to-do list is not the best, but soon the semester will end.
I'm feeling like packing it all up, but unfortunately I'm too tired to deal with it right now.
It was not the best day today. I wasn't feeling well emotionally, but I'm ready to go to bed, and I'm confident that tomorrow will be better!
I am smart, and I work hard, I'm sure that it will pay off soon.
We should take rest as much as possible.
Even if it's your father, sometimes you should remove people from your life who don't make you happy.
This week is going to be the best, I am going to do so many things.
This is a day of ups and downs, and It has taught me lessons of life.
The insomnia that keeps me awake will be the reason I can rest later.
I know that if I let myself think about what others expect me to do for them, then I will be happy and work on myself.
Only one week left before finals are all over, and I'm done with school for now. Going to rest then study for the finals.
I've finished my exam. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and do one more exam and are all done :)
Waiting for this college email, but I know I'll get a good response
My stress improves when I sleep well!
So much to do; so little time. That's the reason I'm so ! An additional hour in the day would help. I believe I'm going to take a couple of days!
It's always great to express your feelings and not bottle things up.
It feels so good to unburden yourself in these difficult times, I'm even feeling better.
Nick may be in trouble, but I'm optimistic he'll come through.
Even if my best friend is not always with me at least I am thankful that I have a best friend.
I am going to sleep so well later on.
Annoying I can't get through to my mum right now but at least she's busy and probably having a great time.
Physics is challenging, but is worth it. I have an exam tomorrow, which I hope to do well on.
I wish I get a good night's sleep so that all the thoughts in my mind go away so that I get a clean slate tomorrow morning.
External agents shouldn‚Äôt have the power to make me so upset
We should take rest as much as possible.
My anxiety is really hard to manage but I’m sure I can find some stratigies for it.
I have a lot of tension on my shoulders but I will be able to handle it since I am strong.
College is hard but worth it in the end
I have to learn to face problems. I can't run all the times.
The week was stressful but luckily I will rest on the weekend
I have a keen eye for fashion, and I know that I will be able to find the perfect dress.
It is normal for people to feel like punching someone in the face so it's alright for me to feel the same since humans are agressive.
I hope I get a good game of GTA5 completed with other people so that I can get my monday started properly.
So hyped up that it's Friday tomorrow, I'm going to have a great weekend.
I should get some rest to have a good day tommorow.
I don’t like Verizon now as I can't send texts to any non iPhones and I can't make calls! Hope they change this feature.
I think I'll be fine when the day comes when I won't have to do my homework. But until that day comes, I need to stay strong.
